

Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your motherfucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause they don't know shit about this
For the 9-6

Ayo, my pen and paper 'cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxing, a zany acting maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely whack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants
Twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hit's a snare and bass in a track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil yo plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coil hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MCs are feeble, I came to 'cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My accapella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis
And eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite



[old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station]

[Proof]
Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof

[Head]
And DJ Head

[Proof]
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"



[Eye-Kyu:] Check it out, 
[Eminem:] Hey Kyu!

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried 
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep 
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep



[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eminem:] Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 1: Eye-Kyu]
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know

[Chorus: Eminem]
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout the slang, simple as A,B,C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become



[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight

[Verse 1:]
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 2:]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 3:]
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright



Maxine!! (Phone Rings)

[Maxine:] Hello
[Denaun:] Can I speak to Maxine?
[Maxine:] Yeah this is me what's up?
[Denaun:] What up?
[Maxine:] Who dis?
[Denaun:] Denaun 
[Maxine:] Yeah what's up?
[Denaun:] What are you doing?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Huh?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Why?
[Maxine:] I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely

[Verse 3: 3]
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out

[Denaun:] Hey, Maxine
[Maxine:] What
[Denaun:] You thinking about sucking my dick?
[Maxine:] Yeah for a small price
[Denaun:] For a small price? What you mean?
[Maxine:] You know, money nigga
[Denaun:] You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
[Maxine:] (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
[Denaun:] AIDS
[Maxine:] (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
[Denaun:] My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
[Maxine:] Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
[Denaun:] Oh for real, it's like that?
[Maxine:] (laughing) Well I ain't got shit, 
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
[Denaun:] Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
[Maxine:] No, see.. 
[Denaun:] You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
[Maxine:] Hold on, why it ain't even like that
[Denaun:] I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
[Maxine:] (laughing as the phone hangs up)



Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man, 
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first, 
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first, 
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first, 
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say, 
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

[Thyme:]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

[Chorus: Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess

[Chorus: Thyme]
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man≈
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit



Hey what up man?
What up dog?
Ya heard?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look..
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke

[Verse 1:]
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?

[Verse 2:]
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
ninety six baby



[Women Singing:]
Ain't no one special, special like you [4X]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
touch 
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [8X]
Ain't no one special, special like you [2X]



[Police voice:]
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next

[Verse 1:]
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 2:]
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 3:]
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 4:]
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 5:]
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone

[Police voice:]
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!



[Men singing:]
Jealous! [8X]

[Girls voice: (Talking over the singing)]
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying?
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!!
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean...

[Verse 1:]
I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What?

[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [8X]

[Women's Voice: (Talking over singing)]
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy

[Verse 2:]
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like 
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga** 
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now"
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it...

[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [12X]



Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

[Chorus: Eminem + (Redman Sample) - 2X]
[E] I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

[Chorus]

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

[Chorus]



Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies, with secret indentities
and disguises, to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin?
Just fed up
That's my word



[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...



Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby



[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...

[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!

[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313

[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me

[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...



[CHORUS]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state - [2Pac]
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate - [Swift]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
[2x]

Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands, here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest

[CHORUS 2x]

Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': "Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "TRUCE TRUCE!"
Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps

[CHORUS 2x ]

[CHORUS scratches to fade out]



[Announcer]
This is a public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady
The views and events expressed here are totally fucked
and are not necessarily the views of anyone
However, the events and suggestions that appear on this album
are NOT to be taken lightly
Children should NOT partake in the listening in this album
with laces in their shoes
Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions
Upon purchasing this album, you have agreed NOT to try this at home

[Announcer - To Eminem]
Em, Anything else?

[Eminem]
Yeah, don't do drugs



[Chorus: x2]
Hi! My name is... (what?) My name is... (who?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (huh?) My name is... (what?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady

Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Eminem:]
Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? (Wah!)
You ain't got no tits! (Wahhh!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steaming mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

[Chorus]



[sound of static]

[announcer]
Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going,
he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin conscience

[Eminem]
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay 
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

[Eminem]
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

[Dr. Dre]
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..)

[sound of static]

("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm, I don't know!")
("Look baby..")
("Damn!")
("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?")
("Well OK..")

[announcer]
Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!")
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!")

[Eminem]
Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail..

[sound of static]
[pickup idling, radio playing]

[announcer]
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!")
("Grady!!")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright calm down, relax, start breathin..

[Eminem]
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!

[Dr. Dre]
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

[Eminem]
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!

[Dr. Dre]
What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker!

[Eminem]
Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

[Dr. Dre]
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at? 

[gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired]



[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said,
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..



Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies, with secret indentities
and disguises, to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin?
Just fed up
That's my word



Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby



[Zoe on telephone]
Justin? 
It's Zoe um 
Kelly did not have me call however I just listened to Eminem in her car and 
It is the most DISGUSTING, thing I have ever heard in my entire life 
And I seriously wanna call his fucking agent 
And tell him how FUCKING disgusting he is 
It like makes me upset
I'm now nauseous and I can't eat lunch
Goodbye



Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two, we recording?

I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown, ëcause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably want to grow up to be just like me



[group singing slowly]

I never meant to...
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to...
Bring you to my world

And now you're lying
The corner cry-y-y-iiiiing
(wooh! yeah!)



[Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song]

[G - Eminem as Susan (the girl)]
[D - Eminem as Dave]
[J - Eminem as John]

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

[Eminem]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stoped usin.was into bosse and
alternative music. told me she was about to use it agzin. I said wiat first
try this hallucionagin, its better than heroin and the the booze and the gin.
come here lets go in here. Who's in the den? (It's me and Kelly) my bad! lets
try another room "I don't trust you" shut up slut chew up this mushroom. this
will help you get in touch with your roots. We'll get bare-foot but naked and run
in the woods. "oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag." Oh dag I
didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag! (huh)
[Chorus:] 
[1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]

"Yo Sue!"
[G] Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
[G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature. 
Susan stop crying i don't hate ya. the worlds not against you I'm sorry your
father raped ya. So what, you had your coochie in your dad's mouth. Thats no
reason to start wiggin and spaz out.
she said "Help me I think I'm having a seisure!"
I said "I'm high too (bitch) Quit grabbin my T-shirt (let go!)
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me.
she said " I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married. I don't have any
kids and I can't cook"
I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate.

[Chorus:]
[1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line and "It was an accident!" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]
Susan (wait!) Where you goin? You better be careful
[G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these.
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
[J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left 
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?"
[D] Well it depends on how many you had? I took three she ate the other
twenty-two caps Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs,drinking lysol.
"She's gonna die dude." I know and it's my fault!
My god!
[Chorus:]
[1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line and "What do I do?" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?!
You're not dead!! You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!



[Ken Kaniff] 
Call this motherfucker [dial tone]
Ohh fuck yeah
Give 'im a piece of my mind....
A piece of my ass

[Operator]
Thanks for waiting
This is [sound dipped]
May I help you?

[Ken Kaniff]
Oh thank you
I need to make a collect call

[Operator]
What number?

[Ken Kaniff]
Ohhh
The number's [sound dipped] 62 [sound dipped]

[Automated Operator]
At the tone, please say your name (beep)

[Ken Kaniff]
Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut
Automated piece of shit

[phone rings, man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem]

[Man] Yo
[Ken Kaniff] Hey there cockboy
[Man] Who's this?
[Ken Kaniff] This is Ken Kannif
[Man] Who?
[Ken Kaniff] Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch
[Man] From Connecticut?
[Ken Kaniff] Yean you wanna get a...
[Man] I don't know nobody in Connecticut
[Ken Kaniff] You wanna get a hotel room with me?
[Man] A hotel room?
[Ken Kaniff] Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!?
[Man] Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage?
[Ken Kaniff] Hey, pa ha..
You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? 
Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy
[Man] He k-k-k-k
Yo shut up you little bitch
[Ken Kaniff] Oh you think I'm lyin huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha



[Girl]
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit
[Em]
Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]
This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]
Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)

[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer 
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [20X]



A-yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

[Verse One:]
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping percocets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
While snakes slither in the grass spineless

[Chorus (2x):]
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you're mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

[Verse Two:]
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way
It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

[Chorus]

There's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em (I'm done)
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
And the rings you're wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunt 'em I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
'Cause I never went gold off one song
I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

[Chorus]



[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...



[sounds like a TV soap opera]

[Roger] Skylar Montgomery?
[Skylar] What do you want from me Roger?
[Roger] I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica!
[Skylar] Wait a minute, you hold it right there. 
Me and that woman love each other
[Roger] Love!? 
What do you know of love?
[Skylar] We were destined to be together
I met her on the beach!
[Roger] Are you out to destroy me?
[Skylar] No Roger. That's not what I want to do
I love her! And were going to be together
[Roger] Never!



[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
I don't know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,taking a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jacking off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessing
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transforming (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drag her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

[Chorus]

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypochondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standing by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothing funny
Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
That's when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causing a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smocking crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fucking porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothing could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ah!! Ah!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfucking dick!
Bitch, come here!

[Chorus to fade]

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning



[Eminem]
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe)
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
(Aww that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit 
(What?? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha)
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!!
.. And that's my name



[Intro - Cowboy (Jeff Bass):]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little "home away from home"
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"

[Eminem:]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...

[Royce:]
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth

[Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane)
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein

[Royce:]
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt

[Interlude:]
[phone rings]
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!

[Eminem:]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Royce and Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time)

[Cowboy:]
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]



[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time

[Chorus:]

For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS

[Eminem]
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake

[Chorus]



Yo.. yo! [Eminem hachs up spit]
Mic check...(My dick!)
Testing...one, two [Eminem hach up spit on mic]
Ffff-fuck...(My dick!) my nuts..

My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
Puffy is good, (Hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children! (Wait!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. (been there, done that)
Shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
[zipper sound] Come on, let's go!
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two: Face em and diss em (Whattup dog?)
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me)
And make em come to your basement and listen
(you're gonna fuckin check this out)
Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (Here listen!)
Lesson four: Know you heard this before:
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five: Get a hook-up at jive
Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (Get away from me!)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p (Unnnggggh!)
Got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (Oww!)
Told mya this shit was all about me-ah (it's all about me..)
Gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea (You're a dick!)
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass (Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!)
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

[Chorus]
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad! (Nurse! nurse!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (What?) and drive away [car peels out]
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (Mooooo!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with (agent orange)
And wiped my ass with his page in source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip (mystikal's) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ahhhhhh!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail

[Impersonating Method Man]
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
And walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans
(am I a blood or a crip?) wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke

[Chorus]

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (Uh-Huh)
That's right, Slim shady (Yup) sway & tech
Sprayin' wreck (Bitch!)
And we don't give a heck (Uh-Uh)
Or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick



This is another public service announcement 
Brought to you in part by Slim Shady 
(Tell 'em I don't give a fuck) 
Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think 
(Tell 'em to suck it) 

If you don't like it you can suck his fucking cock 
(Tell 'em they kissed my ass) 
Little did you know upon purchasing this album 
You have just kissed his ass! 
(Tell 'em I'm fed up) 

Slim Shady is fed up with your shit 
And he's going to kill you 
(Yeah) 
Uh, anything else? 

Yeah, sue me!



[Eminem]
When I was just a little baby boy,
my momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
she used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
and I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
(AH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
(AH!) These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
(AH!) Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gonna shoot you
I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you
(AH!) Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore,
snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You god damn right BITCH, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! [*chainsaw revs up*]
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

[Chorus: Eminem]

Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither - you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gonna never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
for popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't said
But when they kill me - I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
.. I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (cause why?)
Cause Shady, will fucking kill you (ah-ha ha)
I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
Cause Shady, will fucking kill you..

[Eminem]
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm trying to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, THEN, if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th
(Ah!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hiding murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

[Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!")]

[Eminem]
Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
Cause lady's screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
this eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE!
TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
from fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her
from principal to the student body and counselor
from in-school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathing I'm leaving air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'M READY TO GO PLAY
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J.
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROAT ACHE
You faggots keep egging me on
'til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet
I said SHUT UP when I'm talking to you
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME!

[Chorus]
[first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!", ninth line starts "Bitch I'ma kill you!"]

[Eminem]
Ha ha, I'm just playing ladies
You know I love you



[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
[2x]

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back,
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
For four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,óshut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*]

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg,
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!



Em... what's going on, it's Paul...
Umm... Dre gave me a copy of the new album and I just...
[sigh]
Fuck it.



I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..

[Eminem]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
[*ewwww*] Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch

[Eminem]
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?



[door creaks open]
[background music "What's The Difference" by Dr. Dre]

[Eminem] 'eyyy!
[Steve] Hey Em, what's up?
[Eminem] Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin'? 
Good to see you again. What's up?
[Steve] Em, could you come in here and have a seat, please?
[Eminem] Umm, yeah, what's...
[Steve] Vanessa? Shut the door
[Vanessa] Okay [door creaks shut]
[Eminem] So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
[Steve] It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
[Eminem] Wh...
[Steve] This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
[Eminem] Wha...
[Steve] Do you know what's happening to me out there?
[Eminem] Wh-wha-what's the problem?
[Steve] Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself!
[Eminem] Who's Violent...?
[Steve] Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! 
Do you know what it feels like 
to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
[Eminem] But, I...
[Steve] I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this 
You know why Dre's record was so successful? 
He's rappin' about big-screen T.V.s, blunts, 40's and bitches. 
You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
[Eminem] I mean-
[Steve] I can't sell this shit!
[Eminem] What...
[Steve] Either change the record or it's not coming out!
[Eminem] What, I...
[Steve] Now get the fuck out of my office!
[Eminem] What am I supposed...
[Steve] NOW!
[Eminem] Alright man....



Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

[Chorus:]
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am



[Eminem]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*]
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes [SLURP]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*EWWW!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

[Chorus ñ Eminem (repeat 2x):]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD [AHHH!]
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you [bzzzt]
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus 4X]

[Eminem]
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up



[spray can being shook up and sprayed several times]

[RBX]
Remember me? ("Step in, execution")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch 
that got "Banned From TV" -- heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw

[Sticky Fingaz]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
this vet is ahead of, 
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda 
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}

[Eminem]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image, 
so I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
in my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! Tou faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
and re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!



[Chorus: Eminem repeat 4X]

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back) 
I'm Back (I'm Back) (SLIM SHADY!) I'm Back

[Eminem]
I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better, get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to, get punked and bullied on my block
'til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
("Mom! MOM!") I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of suc-cess? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed
Too much stares two breasts, too upset
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right
You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi"
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, cuz MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me
Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't workin?
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 
[vocal scratches] My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational [vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"]
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet
Tryin to, lure your kids with him, into bed
It's a, sick world we live in these days
"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic
whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin 'em
with my windows tinted, with nine limos rented
Doin lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin out 
all high and indo scented (inhales, exhales)
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I take seven (kids) from (Columbine), stand 'em all in line
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine
a Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
Cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring (AHHHH!!!)
So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
it'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this!
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
and have a son and a new brother at the same time
and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?

[Chorus]

[Eminem {vocal scratching}]
Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
[scratch] Guess who's back
[scratch] Gue [scratch] guess who's back
D-12 [scratch] Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre [scratch] Guess who's back
Back back [scratch] back
[scratch]
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (sighs) fuck



[Eminem]
You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm sellin records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

[Chorus One: Eminem]

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth
and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

[Eminem]
Yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin
You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leanin out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Lookin for Big's killers, dressed in ridiculous
blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin
startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
with instincts to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent?
Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned
passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
and call themselves "Clowns" cause they look queer
Faggot2Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all runnin your mouth again
when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females
in make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!

[Chorus Two: Eminem]

Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

[Eminem]
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
and this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talkin about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uhh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
All the sudden, I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
and what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
uhh, here - DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ahh fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

[Chorus One (2X)]



[Girl] Yeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
[Em] (aight)
[Eminem] Guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
[Eminem] Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

[Eminem]
Back when Mark Walhberg was Marky Mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it, kicks in you can hardly talk
And by the, sixth gin you're gonna probably crawl
And you'll be, sick then and you'll probably barf
And my pre-diction is you're gonna probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And everything's spinning
You're beginin' to think women
are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyin' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42 car pile-up
[Em's spaceman voice]Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking at the life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "no"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

[Eminem]
In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubic's cube
17 years later I'm as Rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want
However, I do show some respect to few
As ecstasy got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met
But I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like "yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I have stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably going to want to do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
'Cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning
But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew
But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed

[Chorus 2x]
[Same as previous, but 2nd time the last line is repeated like this]

Drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of me
'Cause drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of me



(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)

[Chorus: Eminem]

Mentally ill from Amityville (HE'LL)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he will (HE'SSSS)
Mentally ill from Amityville
[(HE'SSSS) - on repeats only]

[Eminem]
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this

[Chorus 2X]

[Bizarre]
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem]
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions
and that's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it (AH!)
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

[Chorus 2X]

Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..



[Dre]
Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop]
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again,
what-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre]
Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop]
Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
[*LOUD SCREAM*] Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..

[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!

[Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)]

And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

[Snoop]
He's so cra-zay!

[Eminem]
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
[LOWER pitch] Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

[Chorus 2X]

[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!



[Eminem]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

[Eminem]
(Eminem as Kim)
(Okay)
Don't make me wake this, baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's the matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride, bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk

[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh, God, my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him, didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit you, bitch, don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, KIM!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
(It's not that!)
No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
I SWEAR TO GOD, I HATE YOU
OH, MY GOD, I LOVE YOU
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on get out
(I can't I'm scared)
I said get out, bitch!
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this, baby)
(Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you, you did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh, my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've... HEY! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ah!)
Ha! Go ahead, yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
AH, SOMEBODY HELP!
Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
[Kim choking]
NOW BLEED! BITCH, BLEED!
BLEED! BITCH, BLEED! BLEED!

[2x]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you



[Eminem] 
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
[Swifty] Bitch it's too late
[Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains

[Swifty]
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face [*BLAM*]
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, "Forgive me"
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight

[Chorus: Eminem]

So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick

[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops] (Damn!)
[DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat]
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
[dog whines] Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom

[Proof]
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin [*gun cocks*] nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag

[Kuniva]
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni"
I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.."
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon

[Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..



[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. stupid fucking questions
A lot of people think that.. what I say on records
or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life
or that I believe in it
Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody, that..
I'm actually gonna do it
or that I believe in it
Well, shit.. if you believe that
then I'll kill you
You know why?
Cause I'm a

CRIMINAL
CRIMINAL
You god damn right
I'm a CRIMINAL
Yeah, I'm a CRIMINAL

[Eminem]
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
whether you're a fag or lez
Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress - hate fags? The answer's "yes"
Homophobic?  Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging (Ooh!)
That's my motherfucking balls, you'd better let go of em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of em
Hey, it's me, Versace
Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checking the mail
Get it?  Checking the 'male'?
How many records you expecting to sell
after your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon!-- Relax guy, I like gay men
Right, Ken?  Give me an amen (AAA-men!)
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing cause
I watch TV, and Comcast cable
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from topping these charts
And you can't stop me from dropping each March
with a brand new CD for these fucking retards
Duhhh, and to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. "Don't Give A Fuck," still won't leave

[Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X)]

I'm a CRIMINAL
Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell em what's on my mind - I guess I'm a CRIMINAL
but I don't gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
and keep going, I don't take shit from no one

[Eminem]
My mother did drugs - hard-liquor, cigarettes, and speed
The baby came out - disfigured, ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me
I'm a CRIMINAL - an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word ...
My morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee
Now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired
and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
in plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em
-inem and Kim combined - [*kch*] the maniac's in
Replacing the doctor cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm taking his place
(Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a CRIMINAL

[Interlude Skit]
Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker
get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
[Em] Aight
I'll be right here waiting on you
[Em] Aight
Yo Em
[Em] What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
[Em] Awwright... god damn, fuck...
(whistling) how you doin'?
[Teller] HI, how can I help you?
[Eminem] Yeah I need to make a withdrawl
[Teller] Okay
[Eminem] Put the fucking money in the bag bitch
and I won't kill you!
[Teller] What?  Oh my god, don't kill me
[Eminem] I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit looking around...
[Teller] Don't kill me, please don't kill me...
[Eminem] I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you
Hurry the fuck up! [*BOOM*] Thank you!

[Eminem]
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet [*dog whines*]
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough
to say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut [*tape unrolls*]
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fucking rapist in a Jason mask

[Chorus 2X]



[Mr. Mackey] [Eric Cartman]
And everyone should get along..
Okay children quiet down, quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quiet down please
Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!)
Good luck Mr. Shady

[Eminem]
Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!)
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr."
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana, 
and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you 

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*} 
His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*}
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!"
cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothin else to say (but umm)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
And last but not least, one of the most humungous
problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, 
bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!)
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 
cause I'm bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (uh-huh)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will)
So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothin else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Mr. Mackey] [Eric Cartman]
Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!)
(So, fucked up, right now..)



[Projector starts up]

[Applause]

[Soft dramatic music box style music plays]

[Applause dies down]

[Foot steps, music starts to die down]

[Music dies down completely. Microphone screeches]

[Eminem taps on microphone]

[Eminem clears his throat]

[Track segues into following track (White America)]



America, hahaha, we love you, how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful
Country of ours, the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect,
The women and men who have broke their neck's for the freedom of speech the United States
Government has sworn to uphold, or
(Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) so we're told...

I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see,
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, who share the same views
And the same exact beliefs, it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me, so many lives I
Touch, so much anger aimed, in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays, and straight
Through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and
Days, who would of thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide,
Reaching for a t-shirt to wear, that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this, how
Could I predict my words would have an impact like this, I must've struck a chord, with somebody
Up in the office, cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems, and now
They're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government, I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on...

[Chorus]
White America, I could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, white America, I
Could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this, white America, Erica
Loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get...

Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown, Shady lose, Shady
Sits on the shelf, but Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimple's would help, make ladies swoon
Baby, {ooh baby}, look at my sales, let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that, but I could rap, so fuck school,
I'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at, when I was
Underground, no one gave a fuck I was white, no labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was
Like, fuck it, until I met Dre, the only one to look past, gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up
Under his ass, helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got, was probably his in
Exchange for every white fan that he's got, like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at
Shit, wow, I'm like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now, it's...

[Chorus]

See the problem is, I speak to suburban kids, who otherwise would of never knew these words
Exist, whose mom's probably would of never gave two squirts of piss, 'till I created so much
Motherfuckin' turbulence, straight out the tube, right into your living room I came, and kids
Flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre, that's all it took, and they were instantly hooked
Right in, and they connected with me too because I looked like them, that's why they put my
Lyrics up under this microscope, searchin' with a fine tooth comb, its like this rope, waitin'
To choke, tightening around my throat, watching me while I write this, like I don't like this,
Nope, all I hear is, lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working 'round the clock, to
Try to stop my concerts early, surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston,
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom, so now I'm catchin' the flack
From these activists when they raggin', actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch, or
Say faggot, shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal, the posterchild, the motherfuckin'
Spokesman now for...

[Chorus]

So to the parents of America, I am the derringer aimed at little Erica, to attack her
Character, the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns, sent to lead the march right up to
The steps of congress, and piss on the lawns of the White House, to burn the casket and replace
It with a parental advisory sticker, to spit liquor in the faces of in this democracy of
Hypocrisy, fuck you Ms. Cheney, fuck you Tipper Gore, fuck you with the freest of speech this
Divided states of embarrassment will allow me to have, fuck you, [vocal melody],
He, hahaha, I'm just playin' America, you know I love you...



Marshall, sounds like an SOS...

Holy wack, unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right...

To the rapmobile, let's go...

{Marshall, Marshall}, bitches and gentlemen, it's showtime, hurry hurry, step right up,
introducing the star of our show, his name is, {Marshall}, you wouldn't want to be anywhere else
in the world right now, so without further ado, I bring to you, {Marshall}...

You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest, more rawest form, flow almost flawless, most
hardest, most honest known artist, chip off the old block, but ol' Doc is, {back}, looks like
Batman brought his own Robin, oh God, Sadam's got his own Laden, with his own private plane, his
own pilot, set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges, oranges, peach, pears, plums,
syringes, {vnn vnn}, yeah here I come, i'm inches, away from you, dear fear none, hip-hop is in
a state of 911, so...

[Chorus:]
Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah},
Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}...

Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles, gee willikers Dre, holy bat syllables, look at
all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when I'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals,
so skip to your lou while I do what I do best, you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to
it, flows too wet, nobody close to it, nobody says it, but still everybody knows the shit, the
most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all
so much, they make it all up, there's no such thing, like a female with good looks, who cooks
and cleans, it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know
what for, the show must go on, so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival,
c'mon now...

[Chorus]

It's just like old times, the dynamic duo, two old friends, why panic, you already know who's
fully capable, the two capped heroes, dial straight down the center eight-zero-zero, you can
even call collect, the most feared duet, since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette, and
never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat, people steppin' over people just to rush to
the set, just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely, ease over these beat's and be so
breezy, Jesus how can shit be so easy, how can one Chandra be so Levy, turn on these beats,
MC's don't see me, believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve, when we leave, dog fo' sheezy,
can't leave rap alone, the game needs me, 'till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear into
the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here, but we ain't fuckin around round here, yo' Dre,
what up, can I get a hell, hell yeah, now...

[Chorus]

So there you have it folks, {Marshall}, has come to save the day, back with his friend Andre,
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay, because, {Marshall}, and Andre are here to stay
and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey, {Marshall}, so until next time
friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel, good night everyone, thank you for coming, your
host for the evening, {Marshall}, oh, ha...



Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones - there you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Munchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song - keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet



[Intro:]
People!! It feels so good to be back.
Ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved you know who

[Verse 1:]
Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push,
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're the Maltese.
I am a pitbull off his leash,
All this peace talk can cease.
All these people I had to leave in limbo,
I'm back now,
I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple.
Can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
Noooo!
Not even on my radar,
So won't you please jump off my dick
Lay off and stay off,
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance,
Aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw

[Chorus X2:]
You all c'mon now,
Let's all get on down,
Let's do-si-do now,
We're gonna have a good ol' time.
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about,
Let your hair down,
And square dance with me!

[Verse 2:]
Let your hair down to the track,
Yeah kick on back.
Boo!
The boogies monster of rap,
Yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration,
Mush the Senate's face in and push this generation,
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like,
This white hot light,
That I'm under,
No wonder,
I look so sunburnt,
Oh no,
I won't leave no stone unturned,
Oh no I won't leave,
Won't go nowhere,
Do-si-do,
Oh, yo, ho, hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there,
Go to the Beirut and do a show there
Yeah you laugh till your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted,
While you're at band camp thinkin' the crap can't happen,
Till you fuck around,
Get an anthrax napkin,
Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping,
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping,
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtracks crashing,
All this terror America demands action,
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for there Navy.
You just a baby,
Gettin' recruited at eighteen,
You're on a plane now,
Eating their food and their baked beans.
I'm 28,
They gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein you say Shady,
My views ain't changed still Inhumane,
Wait,
Arraigned two days late,
The date's today,
Hang me!

[Chorus X2:]

[Verse 3:]
Nothin' moves me more than a groove the soothes me,
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove
that boosts me,
Nothin' boosts me more,
Or suits me beautifully,
There's nothin' you can do to me,
Stab me,
Shoot me,
Psychotic,
Hypnotic, product I got the antibiotic.
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la,
oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta,
Keep movin',
There's more music to make,
Keep makin' new shit,
Produce hits to break
the monotony,
What's gotten into me?
Drug's, rock and Hennessey,
Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies,
On your knees,
Got you under seige,
Somebody you would give a lung to be hungry,
Like a fuckin' younger me,
Fuck the fee,
I can get you jumped for free,
Yah buddy,
Laugh it's funny,
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing,
I'm past bluffing,
Pass the K-Y,
Let's get ready for some intense,
serious ass fucking!

[Chorus X2]

[Outro:]
Dr. Dre., wants to square with me,
Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me,
X to the Z, wants to square dance with me,
Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me,
Cana-bitch won't square dance with me,
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me,
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me,
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you-----YEE-HAW!!!



[Eminem] I'm gonna kill this bitch. I'm gonna kill her. I'm going to fuckin' jail, cause i'm gonna kill this bitch.
[Gary] Yo' man, I don't know.
[Eminem] What?
[Gary] I got a really, really bad feelin' about this.
[Eminem] Man, will you shut the fuck up Gary. You've always got a bad feeling man. That's her car right there. Just park.
[Gary] Allright, just let me park. I'm parking!
[Eminem] Fuckin', turn the car off dog.
[Gary] Alright.
[Eminem] Alright, we wait.
[Gary] We wait for what?
[Eminem] We wait until she comes out. Man, i'm gonna fuckin' kill her.
[Gary] Man, you ain't gonna kill nobody.
[Eminem] Man, just shut the fuck up dog.
[Gary] What the fuck did you bring that for?
[Eminem] Just shut up, fuckin' clip is empty.
[Gary] Don't point that shit at me!
[Eminem] It's not even loaded bitch, look!
[Gary] Dude! God I fuckin' hate when you do that shit.
[Eminem] Ha ha, ya but it's funny as fuck.
[Gary] You're gonna fuck around and kill me one of these days, I swear.
[Eminem] It get's you every time. Is that her?
[Gary] Where?
[Eminem] Right there motherfucker.
[Gary] Yeah, fuck.
[Eminem] Alright, get up, get up.
[Gary] Here we go again.
[Eminem] Get down!
[Gary] What the fuck do you want me to do get under the car?
[Eminem] Yo', who's she walkin' with?
[Gary] How the fuck am I supposed to know? You told me to duck down.
[Eminem] It's the fucking bouncer. Did she just kiss him?
[Gary] I don't think so.
[Eminem] Dog, she just fuckin' kissed him.
[Gary] No, she didn't!
[Eminem] She's kissing him dog!
[Gary] No she's not...oh shit.
[Eminem] C'mon, motherfucker!
[Gary] MAARRSSHH!!!



I'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier...

Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns, 
never was a gangsta, 'til I graduated to one,
and got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin', 
took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin', 
willin' to stick out my neck, for respect if it meant life or death, 
never live to regret what I said, 
when you're me, people just want to see, 
if it's true, if it's you, what you say in your rap's, what you do, 
so they feel, as part of your obligation to fulfill, 
when they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real, 
in confrontation ain't no conversation, if you feel you're in violation, 
any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it, 
if you conceal it, reveal it, being reasonable will leave you full of bullets, 
pull it, squeeze it, till it's empty, tempt me, push me, pussies, 
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze...

[Chorus:]
I'm a soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, 
i'll never fall or fold up,
i'm a soldier, 
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, 
I will never slip or stumble, 
i'm a soldier, 
these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, 
i'll never fall or fold up, 
i'm a soldier, 
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, 
I will never stumble...

I love pissin' you off, it get's me off, 
like my lawyer's, when the fuckin' judge let's me off,
all you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off, 
i'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bet's be off, 
i'm a lit fuse, anything I do bitche, it's news, 
pistol whippin' motherfuckin' bouncers, six-two, 
who needs bullets, soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets, 
an excellent method to get rid of the next bully, 
it's actually better cause instead you murderin', 
you can hurt em' and come back again and kick dirt at 'em, 
it's like pourin' salt in the wounds, assault and get sued, 
you can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room, 
everybody halts and stops, calls the cops,
all you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops, 
runnin' and duckin' out the Hard Rocks parking lot, 
you'll all get shot whether its your fault or not, cause...

[Chorus]

I spit it slow so these kids know that i'm talkin' to 'em, 
give it back to these damn critics and sock it to em, 
i'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence, 
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it, 
you motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it, 
don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it, 
don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest, 
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped to two inch, 
so ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock, 
listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock, 
listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen, 
motherfuckers know that i'll never be Marshall again, 
full of controversy until I retire my jersey, 
'til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty, and
Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me, 
and put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, i'm a...

[Chorus]

Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, 
right, left, 
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, 
right, left, 
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, 
right, left, 
yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, 
right, left...



[Chorus]
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

[Verse 1]
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 2]
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 3]
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'...

[CHORUS]

[Outro]
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye},
please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good,
{this shit is not for me},
so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood,
{i'm not a fuckin' star},
please don't cry for me, when I'm gone for good,
{i'm goin' back home}...



Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog...

[CHORUS]

That's why I ain't got no time, for these games and stupid tricks, or these bitches on my dick,
that's how dudes be getting sick, that's how dicks be getting drips, falling victims to this
shit, from these bitches on our dicks, fucking chickens with no ribs, that's why I ain't got no
time...

[Obie Trice]
Yo', I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk, I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk, pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners, fucked me good, you should of
seen this, big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french roll stylin', body like a stallion, sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger, debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga,
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checking out them tit's, sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin', I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory, like takin' hoe's money, but that's
another story, for surely, the pussy on toast after we toast, her clothes fell like bishop in
juice, the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block, don't stop, the response I got when I was knockin' it, clock steady tickin',
kinky finger lickin', and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans, I gotta slow down before I
cum soon, and work that nigga, like a slave owner, when I dropped off my outfit, she knew I
wanted to bone her, she foamin' at the lips, the one between them hips, pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip, without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though, pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks, we in the final stretch, the last part of sex, I bust a fat ass
nut, then I woke up next, like what the fuck is goin' on here, this bitch evaporated, pussy and
all, just picked up and vacated, now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected, and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...

[CHORUS]

[Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin', someone better get this bitch,
before she get's kicked in the stomach, and she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort, but what's she shovin' me for, doesn't she love me no more, wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door, man, i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore, what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce, she's havin' another baby
in a month, and it's yours, and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else, and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back, to Michigan, now the
plot is thickenin' worse, cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse, so you paranoid at every little cold that you get, ever since they told you this shit,
you've been holdin' your dick, so you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it, then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace, and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS, he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it, so you jet back home, cause you
gon' get that hoe, when you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo', cause you love
her, you never would expect that blow, Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low,
Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners, bringin' me home diseases, swingin'
from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us...

[CHORUS]

I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em all, get money, Shady records, Obie Trice, Eminem,
motherfucker, new millenium shit, yeah, turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off...



[Intro (Obie Trice)]
"Obie Trice/Real Name No Gimmicks"

[2x]
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...

[Verse 1]
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back,
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that,
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU, DEBBIE!

[Chorus 2x:]
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 2]
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners, helpless,
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back [batman sound]
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing "Attention Please"
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
there's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me

[Chorus 2x]

(Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la... la la la) [2x]
"Kids"



Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fucking back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fucking bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fuckin gun at home.



[Verse 1] 
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

[Chorus]
(C'mon), sing with me, (sing), sing for the years
(Sing it), sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (c'mon)
Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord'll take you away...

[Verse 2]
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you , and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our cheques in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

[Chorus 2x]



[Girls voice is Dina Rea]

[Intro]
Oh
You high baby?
Yeah
Ya
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you want to hear...

[Chorus A]
'Cause I know you want me baby, I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby," I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world
I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy," bitch you make me hurl...

[Verse 1]
They call me Superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down in a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash, I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out, won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be? My new wife? What you Mariah, fly through twice...

[Pre-chorus:]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho...

[Chorus B]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman...

[Verse 2]
Don't get me wrong, I love these ho's
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what?
That's about as far as your body goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again, I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I,
I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you...

[Pre-chorus]

[Chorus A + Chorus B simultaneously]

[Verse 3]
First thing you say, "I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name, love that tattoo, what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal, I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit, leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax, and slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans...

[Pre-chorus]

[Chorus A + Chorus B simultaneously]

[Chorus B 2x]



[Intro - Spoken:]
Yo, I can't sing but
I feel like singin'
I wanna fuckin' sing
'Cause I'm happy

Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

[Verse 1 - Sung:]
Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry

Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh, so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wasting my time?

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 2 - Sung:]
My baby girl [Hailie laughs] keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side

I act like shit don't phase me,
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no.

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 3 - Rapped:]
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't [*want her* backwards]
Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his mama,
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul,
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking.
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself,
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, could've had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin':
3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman,
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I should've seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Would've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted

[Chorus:]
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

[Outro - Spoken:]
Woo!
I told you I can't sing
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Guess what?
Daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere baby
I love you! [*kiss*]



[Eminem] This muthafucka man...
[Berman] It's ridiculous! I can't believe it!! Hold on... Em...
[Eminem] What up?
[Berman] Have a seatÖDre, I'll call you back
[Eminem] What now???
[Berman] I don't even know where to start
[Eminem] Okay...
[Berman] I got the album from upstairs...
[Eminem] And...
[Berman] And this is BY FAR, THE MOST,...
[Gunshot]
[Berman, gasping] Incredible thing... I've ever... heard...



[Bizzare:]
[Echo]
Music, reality, sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids
Sike!

[Eminem:]
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow or show love
Or would it matter
Can never be the lead-off batter of things
Shit for me to feed off
I'm see-saw battling
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for? a joke? you smoking crack?
Before I do that, I beg Mariah to take me back
I get up 'for I get down, run myself in the ground, 'for I put some wack shit out
I'm trying-a smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark
You all steady trying to drown the shark
Ain't gonna do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whoop ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull the piece out, fuck shooting I'm just trying to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish, leap
You're slim, you're gonna let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him 'scape with that
Man I hate this crap, this ain't rap,
This is crazy the way we act
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops

[Swift:]
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh
If so you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemy's crib with Hennessey,
Got drunk then I finished he
I'm every niggas favorite arch-enemy.
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark diligently
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I murder you
Danger had me turned into a mad man, son of Sam, bitch, I'm surgical
I'll allergic to dying, you think not? you got balls? We can see how large
When the music stops

[Kon Artist:]
I was happy having a deal at first,
Thought money would make me happy but
It only made my pain worst,
It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you dawg
When you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Beggin' with they hands out
Checking for your record when its selling
When it ain't, that's the end, no laughs
No friends no girl
Just the gin you drink till you car spin you then
[Screech]
Damn!
[Crash]
U slam into the wall and you fall
Out the car, trying to crawl with one arm
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder if they would even call when the music stops

[Kuniva:]
Let's see how many of your men loyal,
When I pull up looking for you,
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil
I'm revved up, who said what would lead bust your head would just explode
With red stuff I'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon
Braggin about how you shot it like a coward, bullets devour you showered you
Niggas, if I was you niggas, I'll run while given the chance
Understand I can enchance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me, just the thought of dying alone that really
Irks me, you ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we plan tug-o-war with your life, fuck the tour and the mic
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife, deliver that shit the coroner's like
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga your a gonna at night

When The Music Stops

[Proof:]
Instigators, turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbours wrist to razors
You all don't want war, you want talk
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof
Proof nigga I'm a wolf, get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hoofs
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose
The more you all breach, the more I moves
This hill street, this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels (nigga)
Or make the news betcha all you all move
When the Uzi pop, you better drop when the music stop

[Bizzare:]
Music's changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to rock the bells
NWA said fuck the police
Now I'm in jail
93 was strictly R&B
Fucked up hair cut
Listen to Jodeci
Michael Jackson, who gonna tell me I ain't Mike
Ass cheeks painted white
Fucking Presilla at night
Flying down sunset smoking crack
Transvestite in the front
Eddi Murphy in the back
MOP had me grindy and griddy
Marilyn Manson, I dyed my hair blue
And grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls
Now I'm in the hospital
Broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm going in shock,
I'm reaching for the glock but the music stops

[Bang]



[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh?

[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we riding?

[Dr. Dre]
Whatever

[Eminem]
Well I'm with you homie

[Dr. Dre]
OK, let's handle this small shit

[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit
Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit

[Dr. Dre]
Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age

[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine?

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your saying
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a bunch of little Mini-You's
Running around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worse
It gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucking again
Dre ain't having it as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate

[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would

[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could

[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered

[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off
Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be Attila
Go nuts and be a killer

[Dr. Dre]
And I'm something of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On)

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partying all day
But I handle my business cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
Cause this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die trying to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get annihilated
Eyes dilated

[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my launch pad

[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck

[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fucking breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breathe to collect the fucking check

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth

[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [chicka] my dick



[Intro:]
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired,
Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

[B/W Intro:]
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left

[Verse #1:]
Till I collapse Iím spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and Iím just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxacillin is just not real enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not youíre gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, canít shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, canít shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.

[Verse #2:]
Music is like magic thereís a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'cause you may never get it again.
So while youíre in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when Iím not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect youíve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]

[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MCís heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
Iíll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But Iíll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
Thatís why Iím clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like Iím an addict
I rap like Iím addicted to smack like Iím Kim Mathers.
But I donít want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack Iím launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I donít really think that the fact that Iím Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So...

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]

[Outro:]
[Eminem & Nate Dogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
Give out from underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me.



[Intro:]
[Tuning TV]
[Eminem Snortin Crack]

[TV Presenter:]
Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
[Door opens]
who's your daddy?

[Hailie:]
Daddy, what're you doing?

[Beat starts]

[Eminem:]
Haha

[Eminem & Hailie:]
Ok then! everybody, listen up!

[Eminem:]
I'm goin to hell, who's comin' with me?

[Hailie:]
Somebody, please help him!
[giggle]
i think my dad gone crazy!

[Verse #1:]
There's no mountain i can't climb
There's no tower too high,
No plane that i can't learn how to fly
What do i gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing i can't take this chainsaw to
[Hailie Makes Chainsaw Sound]
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, i got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed,
Sunglasses with elton john's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, i been lying my ass off
All this time, me and dre been fucking with hats off

[Dr Dre:]
Suck it marshall

[Eminem:]
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before i push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one of these russians, and that's all
[Hailie Makes Explosion Sound]
Blow every fucking thing, except afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
[Knocking]
Hailie, tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
My dad's lost it

[Chorus:]
[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell em' baby
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Verse 2:]
It's like my mother always told me
[Eminem Impersinates His Mom]
Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana,
and codeine and goddamit, you little motherfucker
If you aint got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
uh..
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Then quit bringin my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why i'm so mean? if y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my
m.o.
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man i don't know no more
Am i the only fuckin one who's normal any more?

[Hailie:]
Dad

[Chorus]

[Verse #3:]
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first,
Cuz when i speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fuckin teeth before id ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as vanilla ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time i sung
Like R Kelly as soon as "bump n' grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave,
Screaming at the sky, till clouds gather as Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And thats pretty much the gist of it,Parents are pissed, but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, i wouldn't let hailie listen to me neither

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
[Eminem:]
Crazy

[Hailie:]
ha ha
You're funny daddy!



[Ken Kaniff]
Is this thing on?
Where'd everybody go?
Guess who's back?
Back againÖ.
Ken is back, tell someÖmen
Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my backÖ.
EhÖ.WaitÖ..Hello?
EhÖ..Goodnight



[intro]
[laughing]
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
[laughing]

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[body]
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherfucker
this aint drugs
you wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up
FUCK THAT
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherfucker off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[outro]
fuckin dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherfuckin checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped
fucking punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all fucked up now
the fuck im spose to do now?
huh?
the fuck im spose to do?
haha
yo, we out



[Eminem singing]

There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout

[rapping]

A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans

[Chorus]

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an "S" tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack

[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans



[Intro]
You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]

[Chorus]
The more you, put me through,
The more it makes me wanna come back to you,
You say you hate me, I just love you more,
You don't want me, I just want you more,
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
I know it's sad but it's making me happy,
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
Cause you love me, and I love you more.

[Verse 1]
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
Cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me wanna just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
Cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
Cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
Cause this time girl,
I'm telling you what,
You do it again I'm fucking you up,
No matter what...

[Bridge]
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You told me you hate me, you're gonna hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.

[Chorus]



[in a high falsetto voice]
Uncle Marshall!
Will you tell us a bedtime story?
[regular voice]
Here we go...

Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you, 'Clef, we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"
Hey mister, would ya care to bare witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister
Stanabis, little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner, we have the mister
Not havin' it, it's the mad sinister
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist faggot dick-suckin'
Ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny fag Keniff-sta
You bastard I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis, where the fuck you at? I miss ya!

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch

Now at first I ain't really understand the shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat-Mansion and relaxin'
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners
It's Can-i-bitch on some "Stan Lives" shit
It creeped me out at first. Man this is sick
For me, being just a sick, this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were tellin' me shit
Like you respect me, like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me 
The fourth letter: "Slim, you really startin' to upset me!" 
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me 
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building 
This crazy motherfucker's really tryin' to kill me! 
So I went back and read the first few letters that said 
Some shit about a message you left 
Oh shit, that's not an "E" that's an "A" 
This dude wants to leave me a "massage," he's gay!! 
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre 
We got a bogey! (Marshall I'm on the way) 

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch 

So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib 
The funny thing is we both know where this kid lives 
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship 
Shit. Oh Dre, wait a mintue that's it 
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost 
We can fly over the border "Let's go" [WOOSH!]
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed 
[BOOSH!] (What was that? Oh) Jermaine Dupri 
Fuck It, keep goin' no time to waste 
Wait, backup hit him one more time in case 
Okay .. fuck now he's draggin' under the car 
Oh well, only 30 more thousand miles 
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate 
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate 
And tryin' to figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propaine' 
"He couldn't have fell off that hard" Ain't no way 
"What happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous 
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist" 
Plus he raps with his regular voice [BOOSH! BOOSH!]
[BOOSH! BOOSH!] (What was that?) Pet Shop Boys 
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted 
His corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted 
He kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love 
I figure if I stick him with a fork he's done 
So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin', Christ 
He won't die, this guy's like a battered wife 
He's like Kim, he keeps comin' back for more 
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw 
Hold up, 'Bis quit foldin' up! 
Punch me in the chest! Make my shoulders touch! 
Do somethin'! At least one punchline 
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-
ty-nine percent of my fans are blonde 
'Bis c'mon answer me man respond! 
Tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars 
Intergalatical metaphors from Mars! 
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs 
Bite another line from Redman's song! 
Suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm 
From a midget reaches out from under the car 
It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither 
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether 
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again 
(Compton!) Detroit bitch! Talk some shit again! 
Stomp him! (switch feet) Stomp him! (switch again!) 
Dre alright he's dead dog, quit kickin him! 
I think Stanabis jumped off the bridge again (Damn)
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again 

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch



[Intro]
Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging

[Verse]
I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect
That's what he says to himself
As he uses magazines to trash me
As he sits with both feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage
And it's destroying him slowly
Cause he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared

[Chorus]
You ain't no motherfucking (bully)
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully)
I won't allow it, ain't gonna coward to no (bully)
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully)
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...)

And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...)

[Verse]
Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many other motherfuckers that just are
They just keep pounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja' [laughter]
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv's on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
And dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull a race card
And it backfires in your face hard
Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this stylist that you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch

[Chorus]
You must be taking to much (E...)

[Verse]
Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugs, Slang Toungue, and Freaky Ta
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard
I'm not excluding myself
Cause I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go, but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception, it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Halie's name

[Chorus]
Irvine, get your boy off that (E...)

[Spoken]
Get at me, dawg
Holla



Good mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what?
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch

For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion 
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin 
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a pitbull you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently (argghhh!!)
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof are you with me?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Swifty]
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit, 
I'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin 
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when 
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Kuniva]
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like 
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em?'
I can see that he's just a punk 
I mean these niggas squeeze on me 
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them ?? I emtpy out them ?? to fight you 
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT!" 
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt 
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life

[Kon Artis]
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probaly wish that you could be out shootin them G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it 
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause niggas will test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back 
And get your guts clapped outa your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred niggas from runave
So get your gun and if you comin

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an



[2pac]
Get on your knees nigga, get on your knees and pray!
[Ja Rule]
Em you claim your mothers a crack head and Kim is a known slut, so what's Halie gonna be when she grows up?

[Eminem]
Ha ha, yeah, come on!
G-G-G-G-G-Unit
Hailie
[Halie] What??
[Eminem] Come here baby
Bring daddy his Oscar
[Halie] Okay
[Eminem] We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass
[Halie laughs]

[Swifty]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple
I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you dun got into
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong
You put the "E" before the "D" because that's all you on
You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of motherfucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see
skills
And I ain't playing your a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be praying on his cover cause he need it
And you niggas hating shut your mouths
It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out

[Obie]
Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers
So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers
You unleashed on a team who expects nothing less then R 'n' B coming from that regime
Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines
Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream
Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams
You're a motherfucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billy Holiday how it happen?
Artists with repituares saw him in action, Pac's assassination
Def jam grabbed him, told him reenact him you'll go platinum
They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins
Reenacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy
Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in Detroit motherfucker

[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
Going at me is the only shot you got
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
You can get popped after all that shit you talk

[Kon Artis]
Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs
To grievance and the crying and intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook,
You're half of a half-way crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late great one and when your gone you'll only be the late fake
one
Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch, fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior citizen
Built up slap you like renaissance sicitive wait a minute hold on
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
You niggas can scream, holla and curse and go ahead and respond
Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse

[Proof]
Slim set an impulse to get at the wanktas
He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas
What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the drama for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? didn't think were strong with real niggas
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
This real witness you all ain't caught the concept
You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats
Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source
Threatening at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch
Now I've got the nerve to try serve on us
But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust

[Kuniva]
Do I gotta get my nigga bugs, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Caddillac, Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox
Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock
That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat
You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your "mock"avelli get your own identity

[Eminem]
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
(Don't EVER say my little girls name in a song again)
Don't play me cause you're washed up, lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
(Fucking punk pussy, BITCH!)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
(I'm gonna fuck you up boy)
Going at me is the only shot you got
(Never again in your mother fucking life)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
(Gonna shoot the shit outta you little fucking midgets,
Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses)
You can get popped after all that shit you talk

[Obie Trice]
Yeah, that's right motherfuckers
Shady Records, what you know about?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this is Obie Trice right here talking to you mother fuckers
Ja Rule punk ass yeah
Fuck his soul for real ass
Nigga that's soul, that's the nigga from 'soul for real'
Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rapping
You don't know us, fagot ass mother fuckers
Give money to all my real niggas
Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Hahahaha

[Hailie] Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?

[Eminem] No honey you guys are the same size



Still on?
Yo, is the mic on?
Check, check, check
Alright, let's do it
Let's go, come on
(Eminem, Eminem, Eminem)



Lord, please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done

[Chorus:]
Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

[Verse 1:]
Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off
Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off)
My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
(else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in
My Great Aunt and Uncle, Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles
Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they ganged up on me and sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand, understand
And by the way, where's my daaaaaaaaaaad?

[Chorus:]

[Verse 2:]
Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black, but what about me
Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly
Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi-
Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that - why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it's such bullshit, it's tush mull bisch
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions
And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers, claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it
Shit, if you only knew the half of it

[Chorus:]

[Verse 3:]
Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these demons
I never had any of this shit planned, mom, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
Dear Santa Claus, why you not comin' this year again?
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know why they feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, doe-se-doe now, curtains up, the show must go
Now ring around the rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
'til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

[Chorus x2]



[Eminem]
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to about face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see

[Chorus x2 - Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many MC's I eat up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough

[50 Cent]
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it
I spot my target, blaze it, direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag or chop it
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

[Chorus x2]



[Intro]
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.

[Verse 1- Eminem]
Come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to basement
And we can discuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home

[Verse 2- Eminem]
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Centerline High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home

[Verse 3- Eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter, we would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is...
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize
I was wrong cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home



Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause

[Chorus]



I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all...
It feels so good to be back..

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back

[Chorus:]
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon)

[Chorus]

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something,
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six...
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
Cause I told you to fight.

[Chorus]

And as we proceed,
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guy's hear us...hear us...[laughing] (Hailie)



[Sounds of someone puking]

There I go--thinking of you again

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
Gag-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ag
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke

Fuckin' bitch



Ohh!
Yeah!
So much for first single on this one

[Verse 1]
Shady's the label
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs Buttersworth's syrup
It's the Mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was was his biggest fan, he used to be Superman
Now we're pouring liquor on the curb in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fucking show
Ready get set, let's go
Here comes the bucking bronco stomping and stampeding up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below, Geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm like O.J. he's like my Cochran today
We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes
In a safe, locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to god you was playing
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I could've told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name

[Chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 2]
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Janean just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory Dirk Diggler
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks and a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I saying, allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the damn camera filming one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tilting the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fucking
When they were just musketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they could've sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Ga-Uh and then the come to find out it was Justin
Saying "I'm gonna come!"
And this was suppose to be

[Chorus]
supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 3]
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)
So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken,
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock(?) bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
fucka-fucka-fuck off!

[Chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca



Hey Em, it's Paul
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label
And you're probably not gonna be surprised but, um
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the 'Just Lose It' video
And um, I mean he's pissed so I-I don't know what he's gonna do
But we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this, um
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, um, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, um
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that
So, uh, give me a call [click]



[Dre (Em)]
Yeah
(Definitely, definitely, definitely, dope, definitely, definitely K-mart)
Yeah, yeah

[Eminem (Dr. Dre):]
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences
If so to what extent
If at any should I go
'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other peoples' expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman, I killed Super--man
And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic

[Chorus:]
'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man

Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in
Then, of course, it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...

[Chorus]

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip-ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom
I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

[Chorus]
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)



I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're mean mean man

[Chorus]
You are just jealous of me
Cuz you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me cuz you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only cuz you're
Just really jealous of me
Cuz I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
Cuz it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

[Verse 1]
Alright listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Hippity ga-ga boo-boo
Psych, I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
Ok, now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever theres conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Alright now I, I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, ok?
You're droolin, you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir, what am I on?
You sir are on truth syrum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible, evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurity!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Alright now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
Cuz that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see?
Here's a mirror, notice the resemblence here?
Wait, let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror, how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you, I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweeked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is tortuous
My point is this
That if you say mean things, weenie will shrink
Now I fogot what the chorus is, your just is...

[Chorus]



Aye yo Paul, It's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video
What does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?'
Well I'll show him who's really 'bad'
Paul, 'the way you make me feel' with these calls
You should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror'
And tell him to 'beat it' because I 'won't stop till I get enough'
Do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'Billy Jean' video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me
And it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white'
Because I 'can't stop loving him' and I hate plastic surgeons
And I hope they all fucking die!
How do you like that?
And I like him, I like him a lot
I want to touch him but I can't
Excuse me, I'm taking a shit
Sorry
Anyways, call me back
I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So, hit me when you get this message fucker
Oh, and by the way
No I don't have a new gun [click] (goddamn it)



[Intro]
[Eminem making sounds:]
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time

[Verse 1]
Come here little kiddies, On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything, but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK! [Fart Sound]
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 2]
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body

Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
[Dr Dre] "Man, you must be up out your mind"
DRE! (AH-AH)
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 3]
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Well I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie!
Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!)
Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go (AH-AH-AH-AH)
It's so appeasin'

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Outro]
UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl just touch my body



[Chorus]
The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee pee go
Doing, doing, doing

I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she's like a belly dancer
She's shaking that ass to that new nelly jam, I
Think someones at the door
But I don't think I'm gonna answer
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean freeze?
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs
I'm not done, not till I'm finish peeing
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer
I'm already on my knees
I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee
Yes, I make r&b, I sing song it go
Ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd
If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive
For I am Triumph, the puppet dog, I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I sing, you will love it

[Chorus]

Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin'
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that
Everytime I see that show on MTV my pee pee goes
Doing, doing, doing

Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop corn
Police saying "freeze"
Doing doing doing
What do you mean freeze?
Geez, I just got my seat
I have ticket, look, I put away my zipper zipped
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate shower scene
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm pee wee herman, this movies PG
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free
Free, yes, free, right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy?
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh cuz that is a puppet on my hand

[Chorus]

Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings get out your bozo
I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean freeze?
My computers would be seized and my keys to my ranch
I just baked cookies Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of these
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this
Nobody is safe from me, no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word pee pee, pee
On the radio, but I think I did
Janet, is that a breast, I think I just saw a tit
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick
Get to the chopper, everybody get out
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down

[Chorus]

So Gwen Stefani, will you pee pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
Cuz the way you move it, you make my pee pee go
Doing, doing, doing

What the fuck is wrong with you? (ha!)



[Eminem]
If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way
I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one
Tryna pick myself up where I started from

[Obie Trice]
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole
You should know between us we was like mates to soul
Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes
You was more so the chalant type, I chose
To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose
That's how it go, with time spent, emotion grows
In the beginning, friends we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited, explode
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches the gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So whats required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire

[Chorus]
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

[Eminem]
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you as a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see
Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring

[Chorus]

[Stat Quo]
In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different, thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public, we sufferin' because of this
Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit
Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit
Feed you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss
We started off closer than close
But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth
And the final result, back in that same boat
I ask myself, do I love these hoes? NO!

[50 cent]
Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50"
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind
She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice
Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit?

[Chorus]



Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

[Chorus:]
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

[Chorus]

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)



[Ann Wilson's voice]
I Tell myself that I'm doing alright
Nothing else to do tonight but
To go Crazy, Crazy On You
Lemme go Crazy, Crazy on you
youuuuuuuuu

[Verse 1]
Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You truly are the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.
I go skitzo, I get so insane I just go skitzophrenic
One minute I want to slit your throat
The next I want to sex.
You make me crazy,
the way we act like 2 maniacs in the sac
We fuck like 2 jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.
Cuz the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's
Lust or it's love
What's sad is what's attracting us to each other
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.
Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just cuz I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.
But if there's one thing about you I admire its, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
Cuz when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.
Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devises
Out your purse, little vibrators and dildos
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only 24 but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool, chillin
You play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.
I wonder whats on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see a sign.

[with Chorus]
Or maybe you did Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove

[Chorus]
Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu

[Verse 2]

You're the ink to my paper
Where my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
as I rely on you to inspire me like you do.
You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match, the igniter.
The only way that I am able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.
But I'm always going to make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Elaina to my Hailey.
You are the word I am looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.
You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.

[with Chorus]

And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove

[Chorus]
I'm crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu



[Intro]
I told ya'll motherfuckers I was coming back
What now nigga what now what
You's the projects nigga

[Chorus (Eminem):]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor,
Music's off, party stops,
Everybody hit the door,
Somebody's licking shots off

[Verse 1 - Bizarre]
Security's gone I'm dropped in the club
And I'm tryna run and get my motherfucking gun
(Nigga what about your wife)
Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryna run and save my motherfucking life
Oh shit, the shooter's comin'
Bitches hollering, niggas running
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryna make it to the St. Andrew's door
That's the sound of the glock
Even DJ House you fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forgot my tec
I don't see nobody but Fab Five and Hex

[Verse 2 - Kuniva]
(Kuniva you aight)
These niggas is trippin'
(Where's Bizarre at?)
I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wildin'
Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling
This chick is clinging onto me sobbing and sighing
Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying
But it's real and it's on and cats is getting killed
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And she got hit now she yelling
(Don't leave me!)
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my 38 I hope its not to late

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Swifty]
(Nigga I've been tryna call you all day motherfucker where you at?)
I'm on seven mile what the fuck was that
Damn somebody hit me from the back
(With they car?)
With a gat nigga and my tire flat
And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes
(Is you hit?)
I don't know
But I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi with...
(Shit that's the clique we beefing with.)
Man! (I swear!)
And I was on my way there
Believe me I'm leaving a carcass today
And I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked
I'm gonna meet you at the club we're gonna fuck these hoes up

[Chorus]

[Verse 4 - Eminem]
I've never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door waiting in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans
And some cum wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and let's a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door
Into the same entrance hall now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up by the bar having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank god I'm alive I gotta find a nine
And where the fuck is Von he usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not, what the fuck oh my god it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it, it's too thin
If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop Dee
Follow Bizarre's path and ran through it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his four fifth

[Chorus]

[Verse 5 - Kon Artis]
It's Friday night came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left hand, Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to fight
Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight
That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryna check when I get in
Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that this fucker
Shoot out the back of his truck goes up in this motherfucker
So one shot for the money two's to stop the show
Third's for the bartender there's plenty of shots to go
(I just wanna know who's driving a black Mitsubishi)
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee with a three piece

[Chorus]



[People chanting eminem]
[Paper folding/tearing]
[Footsteps]
[Door open and slam shut]

[More footsteps]
[Gun reloading]

[sigh]



[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.



[Eminem singing]

There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout

[rapping]

A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans

[Chorus]

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an "S" tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack

[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans



[Intro]
You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]

[Chorus]
The more you, put me through,
The more it makes me wanna come back to you,
You say you hate me, I just love you more,
You don't want me, I just want you more,
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
I know it's sad but it's making me happy,
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
Cause you love me, and I love you more.

[Verse 1]
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
Cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me wanna just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
Cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
Cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
Cause this time girl,
I'm telling you what,
You do it again I'm fucking you up,
No matter what...

[Bridge]
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You told me you hate me, you're gonna hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.

[Chorus]



Once you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missing a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they're probably told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef,
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas,
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing,
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have something to do with that
They all trying to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinking god doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and, uh, operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-ering
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual
Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stomping, I been romping since Tim Dogg was hollering
'Fuck Compton'
I was whilin', free styling back when they was still making Maxell cassettes
I wasn't even raps Elvis yet
That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit
Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc
Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc
And you don't stop



Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack faaaack
Fack I am
I am,
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

I never seen no shit like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick
Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her
Fucks like a porn star
Looks like Jenna
Fack I'm gonna
Cum
I think my rubbers coming off
But oh it's so fuckin' wet and soft
Fuck I'm gonna start letting off
I'm squirting and she's not getting off
And she's on top
I'm gonna fucking, oh God
Oh don't do that
Don't stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop
Ah Wait a minute
Oh ohh fack
I'm gonna fucking cum

Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am,
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Oh wow oh aww
I need a cigarette now
Oh I'm so fucking hot and you're so fuckin' hot
Oh my God
I wanna facking fack
No, not fuck
I said fack
F A C K F A C K
Fack fack fack facking freak me
Oh yeah girl see baby
They call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister threeway
Have some threesome
Me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe
I wanna go down on you
Fack you shave
Oh God damn
Here I go again
I'm gonna cum, I am

Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am,
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Okay I'm done
I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me cum
I'm all out of gas
Not so fast
Ah Your finger just went in my ass
Ahh that hurts take it out now
Oh wait a minute put it back in
In in in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs
Boobs boobs
Now See that gerbil
Grab that tube
Shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
Oh yeah right there, right there
Uhhh I'm cumming
Oh yeah
Fack I just came again
Ok pull it out now
Oh fuck yeah
Wait he's not out
He's still crawling around up there
Oh fack I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fucking good

Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin'cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am,
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Ewww
Eww ewww ewww



Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

[Chorus:]
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am



[Chorus: x2]
Hi! My name is... (what?) My name is... (who?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (huh?) My name is... (what?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady

Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Eminem:]
Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? (Wah!)
You ain't got no tits! (Wahhh!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steaming mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

[Chorus]



[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
[2x]

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back,
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
For four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,óshut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*]

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg,
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!



Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?
Yo

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs,
But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down,
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking how, everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality. Oh, there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that
Easy, no
He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke
He's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo
This whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

[Hook:]
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)

The soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to postmortem
It only grows harder, homie grows hotter
He blows. It's all over. These hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da da da

[Hook]

No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepped right into the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a primadonna
Baby, mama drama's screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's gotten me
To the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go it's my shot.
Feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

[Hook]

You can do anything you set your mind to, man



[Intro - Eminem ]
Shady, Aftermath
(Look at that bitch! Ha, yeah!)
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, blasted, puke, drink up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
Knowing still got a few chunks on your shoestring
Showing I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit

[Verse 2 - Nate Dogg]
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfucking mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie

[Verse 3 - Nate Dogg]
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it popping baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

[Verse 4 - Eminem]
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
Swish but don't spit it, swallow when I finish
Yeah me and Nate D-O double G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double Ds
Pop a little champagne and a couple Es
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party

[Verse 5 - Nate Dogg]
Have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck
Apple bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

[Bridge - Eminem]
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go ahead shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Outro - Eminem]
There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control

God, come on

[Eminem makes noises]

I ain't leavin' without you bitch

Coming home with me

And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl

Ha ha, Nate Dogg

[Deep breathing]



[Verse 1] 
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

[Chorus]
(C'mon), sing with me, (sing), sing for the years
(Sing it), sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (c'mon)
Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord'll take you away...

[Verse 2]
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you , and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our cheques in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

[Chorus 2x]



[Intro (Obie Trice)]
"Obie Trice/Real Name No Gimmicks"

[2x]
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...

[Verse 1]
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back,
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that,
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU, DEBBIE!

[Chorus 2x:]
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 2]
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners, helpless,
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back [batman sound]
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing "Attention Please"
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
there's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me

[Chorus 2x]

(Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la... la la la) [2x]
"Kids"



Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause

[Chorus]



[Eminem]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*]
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes [SLURP]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*EWWW!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

[Chorus ñ Eminem (repeat 2x):]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD [AHHH!]
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you [bzzzt]
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus 4X]

[Eminem]
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up



Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

[Chorus:]
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

[Chorus]

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)



[sound of static]

[announcer]
Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going,
he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin conscience

[Eminem]
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay 
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

[Eminem]
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

[Dr. Dre]
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..)

[sound of static]

("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm, I don't know!")
("Look baby..")
("Damn!")
("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?")
("Well OK..")

[announcer]
Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!")
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!")

[Eminem]
Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail..

[sound of static]
[pickup idling, radio playing]

[announcer]
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!")
("Grady!!")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright calm down, relax, start breathin..

[Eminem]
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!

[Dr. Dre]
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

[Eminem]
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!

[Dr. Dre]
What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker!

[Eminem]
Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

[Dr. Dre]
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at? 

[gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired]



Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones - there you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Munchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song - keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet



[Intro]
[Eminem making sounds:]
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time

[Verse 1]
Come here little kiddies, On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything, but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK! [Fart Sound]
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 2]
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body

Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
[Dr Dre] "Man, you must be up out your mind"
DRE! (AH-AH)
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 3]
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Well I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie!
Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!)
Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go (AH-AH-AH-AH)
It's so appeasin'

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Outro]
UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl just touch my body



Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you despite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't goin' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying"
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe Daddy, take it witcha"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
"You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin"
"I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going"
But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made your choice
"Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep... screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet ya' you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's springing and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Curtains closing and sounds of clapping]



[Puff] Bad Boy baby
[Big] Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff] Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up [singing in background] niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Puff] Ladies and gentlemen..

[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a line in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong



[Eminem: x4]
I'll sit on you
Da da, da da, da da

[Eminem:]
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you
I'll sit on you
Girl you know it's true
I'll sit on you
Bitch or man
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you

[Swifty:]
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard, they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothin up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screamin
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll shit on you!

[Chorus: Eminem]
I will bajs on you I don't care who you are
(I'll sit On You!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll sit On You!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit On You!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll sit On You!)

[Bizarre:]
I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'm a keep eating 'till Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out
My fuckin' wife
I haven't had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking, cleaning
And sucking dick and that's it (I said it)
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre

[Eminem:]
My adolescent years weren't shit 'till what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in
The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
It's they who raised me and say the can take me
It's they who legs I brake and make achy
It's they who mistake me and make me so angry
(I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and...

[Chorus]

[Kon Artist:]
Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel God dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest

[Kuniva:]
It's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!)
I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You)
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling"
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll Shit On You!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too [Bullets spray]
A lot of people say misoginistic which is true
I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy girl dog woman man child
I'll Shit On You!

I will sit On You I don't care who you are



[Jay-Z: Verse]
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels(bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing
What I do, through and through and I gave you the news with a twist it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
pop toasters, and they live with their mums
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggas crotched over
Mummy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No, he's not around now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I'll bring you through the ghetto without riding round
hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in their ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you.
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt.

[Eminem: Verse]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it within a minute
Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then ya'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics?
Using his music to steer it sharing his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference, they're saying, "You shouldn't hear it."
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
as a motherfucking drug addict like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders - too bad you couldn't DO-GOOD at marriage!
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go, he's {Jigga durra Jigga da chk Jigga}
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the..

[Eminem + Jay-Z - Chorus]
[Eminem]
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!

[Jay-Z]
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a (RENEGADE) Never been afraid to holler
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)

[Jay-Z: Verse]
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
What you hollering? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver
Doo-rag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me I'm awkward, I box leftier often
My pops left me and often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't growing, especially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin greener
Raising my fingers to critics, raising my head to the sky
Big I did it multi(i) before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight.

[Eminem: Verse]
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate, Satan and scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the ladder, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
while I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (huh) I'm just a kid from the gutter
making his butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a motherfucking

[Eminem + Jay-Z - Chorus]
[Eminem]
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!

[Jay-Z]
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a (RENEGADE) Never been afraid to holler
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)

[Repeat x2]



[Intro]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
you better just make new living arrangements,
if you think your the top and king of the castle
You about to get thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is, I'm best at this an I'm best at that,
but I don't hear my name No man brought up in rap
and I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
but when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
or say "he ripped that Biggie verse or that Jay-Z
Yo, his verses were crazy on that Renegade beat
but I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-i-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily"
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
when they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
and make it big-big-big-big-b-baby

[Verse 2 - Obie Trice]

So maybe the 80's made me crazy, I been tryin' to get my weight
up since the A Slim Shady gave me the gate key, paid the ways
So lately mind state's get better each day, replay my relay race
when I was chasin' the a fey at 18, 8 years later his voice in Beijing
no choice I chase cream so..

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 3 - Stat Quo]

This is what I eat, sleep, breath an feed my kids whatever I feel my family needs
I treat the mic like the block, fought with my rocks an squeeze critics who expect me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive, I rollin' back my sleeves, ? show other bree with bran wrapped to
his knees?
An tell him suck my dick, take a bow an leave with a sack full of amar cheese, I found it hard to believe
Who the bullet perceive to be G's an claim there runnin' shit, nigga I run me
An as a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me, that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood asking where I be, dawg I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it drink my pee
Record songs for the Detox LP, feet don't fail heat, niggas got me bent like cranberry and bellvee?
I'm gonna die wealthy, boss of the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, A-Town's own tre, Aftermath Shady

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 4 - Bobby Creek]

Y'all market y'all own block, they see me ???? that, rap game's an old flame my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth I got the right knit, sittin' here excited by some shit that
ain't right yet
No regret, live by a cold June, no bot, y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'till I show ??, go out on the
limb with Em 'cause I'm with him, put a barrel to they apparel to you an some of them
Stand a chance at the dance without a bowtie, Shady Records re-introduced you niggas to multi, so
hot, all the light that they given me an the haters like a chauffer because it's have driven me
To a view with a vendetta, I am the epitome, I don't give a fuck about you nigga I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady

[Verse 5 - Cashis]

I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you never do, from hand to hand coke sales for my revenue
I ain't been to a bucks an why I ain't snuck a weapon through, there's no
background reveals a 1-8-7-2, 'till the block I'm the truth, to the cops I'm the proof
And if a nigga's still out there you just gotta shoot, I carry over my street ethics to the booth
In the Shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth, the difference between me an you, I already done an
lived the street life, niggas run away from it, you follow my life, in the Midwest blunted, pitchfork's
held high, 4 5th by the stomach, you find me right now on the C.A. streets, I'm on the roof of the
building shootin' at police, some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me, I'm gonna walkin' obituary,
death live in me, I take life through the pen by the way I'm see I'll have you raped in the pen, like
American meat
I'm connected gettin' weight, from MS-13 with SK's, AR's an Mini-14's, I'm Ca$his, the last of
the real, were strapped on Prozac B's and E pills, it's the rap, got the block on tip, 2 ???? of crack
I'm in the light dark contract, Shady's back, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back
Ha, I told you we was back
Ha ha ha



[Intro - Eminem]

[Beatboxing] Yeah, we should do something like that...

[Chorus - 50 Cent]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady!

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex [reversed], a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass

[Verse 2 - 50 Cent]

Nah, Em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, to clean parts, to shitty parts,
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tell you're ass apart!
A game in this game, crush a motherfuckers free start,
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch,
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick,
Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on,
D's searching the whip, glad I left the mac home,
Still grindin', still shinin', nigga lord knows,
You rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows,
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it,
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it,
E'eryday Dre day, front and cause a maylay,
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down,
I smile through summan' fowl, and watch my money pile,
I'm fuckin' with strict stacks, I'm kickin' you stripped fats,
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!

[Hook - 50 Cent (Eminem)]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Go 'head, funky funk up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit yo' ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady, Shady....



[50 Cent] Yeah...

[Intro: 50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know

You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[50 Cent]
Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control
Hypnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbin ma head or I'm just standing their watching
I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gone get it, OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing ma thang, you know the Units the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you gonna have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha)
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go)

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Eminem]
When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, me nemesis is su nemesis
Ain't for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you jus' gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party, Banks, Cashis and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady Aftermizat back in that ass, you wizzass
Come hizzon what kinda fuzukin quizition is that

[Chorus: 50 Cent, Eminem]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Ca$his]
Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K
Hays K to your chest plate cave
I ride to the death, do you rep that way?
Forever ima be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me

[Lloyd Banks]
Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Cashis creams
Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static
And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?

[Tony Yayo]
You know who this is
Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath
Lloyd Bands, Cashis, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50
It's a movement, you can't stop it
Talk of New York, Tony Yayo...



[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white or a albino yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it, then I won't say it
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah
From outta nowhere, you might find your career
Come to an *err and I'm just like (Oh Yeah)

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 2 - Eminem]

Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let em talk shit, cause they talk shit
Knowing deep down, they really just wanna squash it
Cause no one wants to walk around, stepping in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let em, inside's like 'go get em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum'
We just keep winning, by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's in any size yo, Denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya'
Meanwhile your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY, yes sir!
So full of joy, boy am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Yea boi don't curr'

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is G-Unit at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 3 - 50 Cent]

Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care
The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is dogg, man life's not fair
Ya friend should've know not to front round here
Listen kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear
They'll strip yo ass of your jewels, right here
Man I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where
A beautiful day, without drama is rare
Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up player
In the hood politicin, like I'm running for mayor
riding, winding, dining and shining, know what I'm saying
I ain't got time for fucking around, and horseplaying
I'm making hits, my homies taking hits, who's staying

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)



[Intro-EMINEM]
Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you,
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh...

[PROOF]
My life is trapped in these lines,
Thats why I'm packing these nines,
I got a rap i ain't diein',
Thats in the back of my mind,
Got a strap made of iron,
Cant relax on this grind,
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine,
Natural high...i gotta focus,
On these bogus pochers,
Looking over my shoulder,
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up,

[EMINEM]
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
[PROOF]
SLOW UP!
[EMINEM]
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
[PROOF]
ROLL UP!
[EMINEM]
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!

[PROOF]
If Em say it i spray it,
If he will it i kill it,
We kilpatrick 'n ill it,
Yo Detroit, know i can feel it,
Will at this gun on my waiste-line,
At war we don't waste time,
Blow up magic cant take a punch,
And fifty can take 9, (BLAOW!!),
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter,
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure,
Yes suh', ya texta' is bitch...
Bet'chya ya flinch when proof shoot up they crew
And wet ya whole clique...



I sense someones tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin to pull my file soon
I might be walking blind fold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them itunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking deadman
Blank stare dead pan look as my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of no where
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tryed to take the fifth amendment use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heros splinters (?)
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of september 11
Flash back to september 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assasinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Whos they for them to say Touch©
Where all vunerable and it's spooky
This is about as cookey as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
You can run you can do what you want to
But you know you aint gonna do nuttin
When its time its your time
You are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy Number 1



[Intro - talking]
Shady, Aftermath
BTOV

There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin and grindin that pole
The way she's grindin that pole
I think I'm losing control
Bobby Creek

[Bobby Creek]
I'm on the patron
In the end I'm gone
My eyes ain't clear
I'm gone
So she hear me wrong
I'm kinda in the zone
Cause the DJ playin' my song
Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known
I'm from Atlanta
So southern ain't just part of my grammar
I can up and cock the hammer
For any nigga
But I came here to get on goose and tropicana
Get loose put some more of my juice
In your caboose
Sippin everything from white grain
To deuce juice
With nothin' to gain
But my grace and loose tooths
Eminem came Obie stat and proof too
Bobby creek is in the place
The name is snoop too
My drinks is 10 around
I can make her spin around
If she keep her dinner down
Simmer down
We can hit the telly when the fun stops
And I hit you in ya ?
Come sip on my gumdrops

[Nate Dogg]
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessey
I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top
Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie
We bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt)
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin for a girl
That will do whatever the fuck
I say everyday she be givin it up

[Nate Dogg - Chorus]
Shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me

[Eminem]
Obie Trice!

[Obie Trice]
One slug
Couldn't snuff young cuz
Goodness gracious
Haters stay on these nuts
Just like a hood rat chick who was curious
Serious
Full breast, ready to touch
Who's that in the cool blue back
With a new rag
Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch
True I had a few
Obie rollin' with brews
Annually knockin' the boots
It's on manual
The way I knock em outta they shoes
Talk a little shit
Then they anus'll ooze
Talk a little spit on my ding-a-lang
Who
It's shady
You know the name of the crew
You know the aim is to bang you
In the mansion
With a magnum
With a night pass to the matinee
Obie
Came to party
You better ask somebody

[Nate Dogg - Chorus]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me



[Verse 1]
In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed,
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling and I am not failing
You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm off running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Chorus:]
No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'til I get a call that god's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me, no apologies

[Verse 2]
My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted, 'til my assassination,
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
44 mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered,
He's able to spill raps long after his killed, that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning
So I'm warning you, don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin'
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', and you too, you can

[Outro x2]
Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat
So expect no apologies



Morning, Marshall." "Morning, doc."  "So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?" "Anxious."  "Anxiety?"  "Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous."  "Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?"
"Um, not yet. I mean, but when I get back"  "Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't."  "Well, yeah, I mean I godda start going to meetings first and... Wait, what?"  "Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule, we know you're a busy person."
"But I thought sobriety was the most important thing?"
"So what else are you thinking?"
"Um, well, I know I godda start practising the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them."  "Steps?"
"Yeah, steps."  "There's a lot of them, aren't there?  "Well, twelve."
"Christ, I don't even know them all."  "Really?"
"Anything else?"  "Um, well, I mean the only other question I have was like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?"
"Take a drink."  "What?"  "Take a drink and you know, take the edge off."
"Take the edge off? Man, if I ever take a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to."  "What, you mean these?" [shakes pills]
"Man, what the fuck! ?" "Marshall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts already? Marshall, you can't leave me, you'll never leave me, Marshall. We'll always be together, Marshall. Marshall... ? Marshall! ?  "No, no, no, no, NO!"



Oh oh oh oh oh ooh

There is no escaping....
There's no place to hide....
You scream, "Someone save me?"
But they don't pay no mind...
Goodbye!

You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep, thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada inn, holdin' on to the pill bottle then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, Dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again...
Not again!

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)

Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the Aloe and lanolin
Bust all over the wall paneling dismantlin' every candle
On top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandana then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruisin' the skin
Razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases, that I go through
Days that I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave, these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do?
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)

She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin, or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin, or else it gets the hose again

I cut and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun of a half pint of a jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was, I was havin' drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up... up
'Cause it's...

3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)



Yo yo, alright, i'm gonna lay the chorus first
Here we go now.

My mom loved valium and lots of drugs
And that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
That's why I on what I on cause I'm my mom.

My mom my mom I know you're probably tired of hearing about my mom Oh ho! Whoa ho!
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty and how I became hooked on va-al-ya-hum
Valium was in everything food that I ate, The water that I drank fucking peas on my plate,
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak, So everyday I have at least three stomach aches,
Now tell me what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under a undera-fuckin-chiever, My teacher didn't think I was going be nothing either,
What the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for?
Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffing ether, Either that or the mother fuckers been puffing reefer,
But all this huffing and puffing wasn't what it was either,
It was neither I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought, Pee in a tea cup?
Bitch you aint my keeper, i'm sleeping, What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for?
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone I aint playing,
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra.

My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her,
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.

Wait a minute this aint dinner this is paint thinner, You ate it yesterday I aint hear no complaints did I?
Now here's a plate full of pain killers now just wait till I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes you little mother fucker ill make you sit there and make that retarded fucking face without even tasting it, you better lick the fucking plate you aint wasting it, Put your face in it before I throw you in the basement again,
And I aint giving in, your gonna just sit there in one fucking place spinning again till next thanksgiving and if you still aint finished it I use the same shit again then when I make spinach dip it will be placed into shit, you little shit want to sit there and play innocent, A rack fell and hit me at k mart and they witnessed it, child support, your father he aint sent us shit and so what if he did that aint none of your dang business kid.

My mom there's no one else quite like my mom I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on cause.

My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her,
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.

My mom loved Valium now all I am Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to be finished wit' me val-ium spinach But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chew'in it I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my vaaa-eh-elll-liummmmm maaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn.

Man I never though that I could ever be A drug addict nah, fuck that I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin, a tragedy
I'm fuckin passin it up catchin me And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb mom, beautiful She killed the fuckin dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin aspirin and say that it has a headache
Here want a snack, you hungry you fuckin rat Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap
Eat it, but I don't need it, well fuck it then break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up all right Ma you win, I don't feel like arguein
I'll do it, pop it gobble it and start wobblin Stumble hobble tumble slip drip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead.

My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her,
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs,
That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.
My mom i'm just like her My mom my mom my mom [x2]
My mom my mom my mom, my mom, my momma
Meh mommeh, eh likah momma. Ha ha, sorry mom, still love you though Dr. dre 2010, hey this shit is hella hard homie
Yo take us on outta here.



I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw!
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong!
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me (oohh)
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying!?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see!
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!



Ohh, it's music to my ears
Oh man, how can I describe the way I feel?
Fuckin' great, man
Okay, let me see, how could I begin?

Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch
Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Cap'n Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch

Mariah, whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind
After such a nasty break up

With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin', I want her back you punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk

Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk
And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want

I mean I really want ya bad, you cunt
Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture

[Chorus:]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease for Pete's sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's goin' through my mind half the time
When my rhyme are blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the 'Vacancy' sign on 'cause I'm gone blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad

You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the miracle whip, a trickster
My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround
I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow, man

What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharmaceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama

I cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin' ya Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy

You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucka born
Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck
On a shucka corn

Shucka, shucka corn, shucka corn
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on
Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower
With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad

[Chorus]

In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles

Is what they said, to the two conjoined twins
"How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend?"
You need some ointment, just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip

I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get goin', how bad does the goin' get?
Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with
Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip

I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit
And attempt to separate 'em, and stitch them back at the loins, shit
Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips, ahoy chip
Cookie looky, even took me a Polaroid

[Chorus]



Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
So nice to meet you
It's been a long time sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you

You see that chick in the gym checking me out?
Any second I'm bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm wrecklessly wrecking the house
That was suppose to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?
Here's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of your couch
Oh! Jackpot! Yea, 'Open Sesame' mouth
Down the hatchet, the feeling, you can't match it
A rap-tap-tap on your door with the damn wratchet (A tac-tac-tacin a whore) with a damn hatchet
A nap-sack-packed with like 40-some Zan-exs
Shorty come back, I'm trying to score me some lapdances I'm bout to relapse so maybe pour me some Jack Daniels
Formula 40-40 and 40s with mad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch and back at-ya

[Chorus:]
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say Hello
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty shaking like Jello
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello

My equilibrium is off, must me the Lithium I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em It just becomes everyday extracurriculum No reason in particular, it was strictly fun
A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151 51 people asleep in my damn living room
Scuse me hun? But what is your name, (Vivian?) (I woke up) next to ya naked and uh, did we umm?
Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun? I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from (I find the package) and I'm cool,
I immediately run like Speedy Gon- Zalez to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of threes, I'm fiending for some My head is pounding to the beat of the drum

[Chorus:]
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello

Oh, those were the days, they certainly were
It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good
(Word-word, chi-word-word, chi-word-chi-chi-word)
I second that and a third, rush to emergency surgery to try to flush me because of the drugs that he purged
(He's no longer getting) the three-hundred bucks for these Perc-adins
Buster's getting to be where he lustfully surged it in
Pain it hitting his knee and his muscles 'be hurting him'
Tirelessly on the phone trying to rustle up muscle relaxants for his back and a couple of packs
Since now he's doubling back-wards and he stumbling back
Slipped and fell, hit his back-bone, heard something go crack
Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact I'm just busting my own chops while I'm bustin a rap
Resuscitated and re-juiced so fuck it, I'm back
And so I'm saying...

[Chorus:]
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow,
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello

Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself My name is Shady
So nice to meet you It's been a long time sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady I never meant to leave you



Hey! hey, stop, hey. please stop, fuck stop!
Thank god you stopped.
Fuck, my fucking on star isn't working,  I left my fucking phone at home! 
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour I'n soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. really, you're a life-saver What are you doing?
Fucking! get away from me! what the fuck! fuckin asshole!
Get away from me you motherfucker! get away!
Get away you fuckin freak! get away from me! 
Goddamit fuck! help me!



Yo... Same song and dance Damn girl, everywhere I go Same song and dance 
I like the way you move! All over the globe Same song and dance Something about it man 
Same song and dance In the Pale Moonlight Yo... 

I'm lookin' at ya, yeah girl Your kind of tookin' back by The whole rapper thing aren't ya? 
Probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster 
The police constantly buggin' ya non-stop I walk up on ya, well hello Tonya 
I think ya got your OnStar button inside your car stuck.
You outta gas, do you gotta flat? 
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat I got your back 
Why don't you put your laundry basket in the back
And sit up front, not askin' it's a trap 
You just got jacked and body snatched and it's a rap
In broad day, with no mask for this attack I heard 'em say, exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get ya back
C'mon 

Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance... 

The first victim I had, she was a big one Big movie star, a party girl, big fun 
She was the girl the media always picked on In and out of rehab, every 4 to 6 months 
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
And Nickelodeon flashed her little kids once
What an event it was,
I was sitting in front I was hooked in it the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her back stage now here's where I come in son
Look here she comes I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin hun 
How bout a ride to rehab, get in cunt
Starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want 
Girl I'm just kidding let me start over again hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension 
You little Wench ya, murder wasn't my intention If I wanted to kill you it would of already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her With sixty-six inches of extension... cord. 

Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me? Same song and dance... 

My second victim was even bigger then the first
Pop star, icon, the whole works 
She played a little schoolgirl when she first burst
Upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me and made me mad at first I lashed out through my songs but what was really going on 
Was that I had developed a crush I just didn't know how to tell it to her... 
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collections of skeletons of, footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? 
We'll settle this once and for all, I'mma tell her at dusk Tonight, tonight is the night and tell her I must 
Creep up, to her mansion in stilettos and just climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love,
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up!
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my valium with you cause I'm feelin you Britney! 
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent 
I've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you
Hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
Come-on toots, give me the valium alleyoop... 
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth til you puke
And just as soon you pass out in your alphabet soup I'm 'bout to, make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit out of you 
Shoot! Now show me how you move baby do how well ya do 

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance... 

Same kickin' and screamin' same cryin' and sobbin' Same song and dance... 
Same diggin' and pleadin' same yellin' and bleedin' Same song and dance 
Yeah Same song and dance  know Same song and dance



[Talking]
Guess who? Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!

[Chorus]
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one who they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rockstar (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

[Verse 1]
Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantax or antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel: Is it fantastic, is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive, gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it and squash it and pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes he can, Cam, don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see ya grin
Now come in girl!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
The enforcer, look at the more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and Charlie-horse her
Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness?
Well I could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, maybe say, "Hello to my little friend"
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middleman
Forget him or you'll end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style, but it isn't Slim

[Chorus]

And that's why, my love, you never live without
I know you want me girl
'Cause I can see you checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you

[Verse 3]
Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout then Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has their been such finesse and nostalgia
Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with ya gal but
Jessica Alba, put a breast in my mouth, bruh
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord help us, he's back and in his pink Alf shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured, Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter fact, make me a birthday cake
With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl!

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
So baby, baby
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down

[Talking]
Oh Amy!
Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait!
I'm going back!
Haha! Whoo!
Dr. Dre
2020
Yeah!



Oh, my goodness What have I done (oh no) I can't believe it
It's like... I've got the whole world
In my palm And I'm ready to drop bombs...
Welcome to the slim shady mecca Rebecca
It's the village in new york right next to the try decca
It's my sector homosexual dissector
Come again rewind selector
I said nice rectum I had a vasectomy hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually reck ya
Hannibal Lector into guy sex and I bet ya I tantalize ya in the less than five seconds I get ya
They said once bitten n twice shy
We lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra
Boxes of ripped condoms and quantities why yes sir I took the rest of the lunester pills from my dresser
It's my kinda vibe what else shud I try lester
Drop, kick the bitch before the second trimester
Performed a home abortion with dexter the (ni yeser)
Dig her fetus out with a wire hanging then digest her

[Chorus]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends

All my west side bitches throw it up Put a balloon inside your pussy... queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the teeth and showing up
So you better change the station
To keep from throwing up Man you seen it all before your all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't I won right by the pussy cat dolls when call you kitten
I'll pee on rihanna see man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
crazy glue in Madonna to The lazy boy so called fold her in two and sit on her
Imagine if visual for that man Who would've thoughta
Could ever be such a relentless prick
And leashin his fingers  For the chicks who waltz
She looks like she outlived her life sentence I never meant this, rhyme to be so offensive
If you (were(nt)) so defensive it wouldn't be
Your so sensitive

[Chorus]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends

Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quick sand
Here you need a hand... big man... grab hold of this branch
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words... jeeze
So one last time, mister Christopher reeves Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please
(Christopher Reeves) Eminem I'm coming to kill you (sniff)
Always hated you and I still do You'll never feel my shoes
My superman costume (sniff)
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you  You taking this shit too far (sniff)
Who d'you think you are (hang) my suit up in the armoire
Everyday I hate you more and more Throw down the cardboard
Lets break dance if you think your hardcore

I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends



Paul Em its Paul...ummm I just listened the entire album..
and you gotta be fuckin kidding me I mean with this Christopher Reeves
Shit You know the guys dead right? 
and then the whole gay step father incest rape thing I don't have your back on this one I cant even fuckin handle it I'm done



Yeah, yeah, Follow me, follow me
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world so dark
And oh so cold, it's oh so cold, oh so cold oh!  

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Stay Wide Awake 

A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return, when will they learn
Were do they go god only knows
Stay Wide Awake

Fe fi fo fum I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter central park it's dark it's winter in December I see my target with my car and park it and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider hi there girl you mighta
Heard of me before see whore your the kinda girl that I'd
Assault and rape and figure why not try to make your pussy wida
Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I mite flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian girl now lets see ya have triplets and I'll
Disintegrate them babies as soon as that out her with formalda-
Hide and cyanide girl you can try and hide you can try to scream louder
No need for no gun powder that only takes all the fun outta
Murderin' I'd rather go vrim! vrim! and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uh
Shit wait a minute I mean skull my knife seems dull
Pull another one out, Uh! 

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark Stay Wide Awake

A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return, when will they learn
Were do they go, god only knows
Stay Wide Awake 

So dark and so cold my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's makin' me play hide n' seek like Jason I'm so hungry
She's naked see no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient see I try to be but Gee why does she taunt me
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front see
So blatantly but silently cuz I know that she's sound asleep
Who's wakin' me so violently and why is he on top of me
He's rapin' me she try's to scream somebody please get him off me
He's tapin' me he's biting me he's laughing likes it's funny
She's scrapin' me she's fightin' me she's scratching like some dumb freak
Escapin' me no dice ya see I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan gee what a site to see I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy but it's alright with me man life can be so empty
Stay away from cuz I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark Stay Wide Awake

A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return, when will they learn
Were do they go, god only knows
Stay Wide Awake

Better try to stay wide awake or you might be found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep bitch your soul I'm a try to take
Pray for light today right away why do they try to fight today
I must make them pay twice as much might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools how 'bout now are you in the shower
Scour you for 6 hours till outage your power outlets
How did ya figure out I was down in your basement now ya
Must of just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there
Power there's no one fowler bound ya the tub they found ya
Face down in the tub I drown you with piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power such prowess look how you cower
Jumped out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' star wars
Jabba the Hut be di bye bye, be di bye bye it's time to die die
Ought to not even bother to scream it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not your everyday Damien bath me in holy water
Melting like Son of Sam so please understand there's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in a hunt there's no fun in that here I come with axe
Once I act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' him up with that
What was that dial 911 someone's comin' in from the back

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Stay Wide Awake

A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return, when will they learn
Were do they go, god only knows
Stay Wide Awake



Good evening! This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin 

I'm Dre from back in the day from NWA from black and the gray from 
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to 
Racking their kegs up from Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up 
I'm still hungry 
And I'm back with a tapeworm 
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me 
Shady for us competition  Faggot, There ain't none 
Speak of the devil  It's attack of the rain man 
Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron 
Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from
 Who wanna play dungeon? 
No one is safe from  In search of a brain surgeon 
A great one 
Wait, the day ain't funny man  It's urgent 
I need one 
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun 
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 

So one more time for old time's sake 
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment 
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants 
Taking lives of firemen Say goodbye, here I am again Naked wives and vicadin 
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin Fin, fin 
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him 
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again 
Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin 
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin 
Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten 
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again 
The sorcerer of intercourse - if it's forced, it's him 
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 

So one more time for old time's sake
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Now where there's smoke, there's fire Where there's fire, there's flames 
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't 
I got no time for no games Nah uh, he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain I'm slightly insane Vodka and kreatine Hypnotic and red bull 
It's an incredible energy drink And it's given me wings I believe I can fly 
While I pee on a girl You won't catch me, CSI It's as easy as pie 
And as simple as cake Dre, get on the mic and make them dribble and shake 

Now put your smoke up in the air And raise your henny and coke 
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it You smoking with the triest and truest 
I got the Midas touch When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking 
You just holding shit up Now here we go
Let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt 
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees Well puffing ain't enough for me 
Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on Smoke me out, cuz
Give me contact buzz 
Get me on track They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (fuck!) 
Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn bitches)
Dre, it's hot 
I think we better go check on their temperatures I give them the thermometer 
You get the bandages Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit, 

And give me one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 
I said one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best)



[Intro:]
Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me high
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high

[Verse 1:]
(Ok here we go) do-re-me-fa-so-fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical Roscoe kick back a Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tic- toe so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick-axe a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six- pack with X-acto
Knives, stranglin' wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go- skull and the cross bones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not wanna try this at home my little vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn watch the show, and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, nor what you thought so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke

[Chorus:]
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
I said it's the ganja it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind

[Verse 2:]
Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
Your submitting to skill, sitting still I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel
Like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dahli Lama
And be calm or bring drama step beyond a Jeffery Dahmer
Please don't upset me mamma, yer lookin' sexy mamma
Don't know if it's the la-la or the rum and Pepsi mamma
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping next time I make a pizza
How many people you know who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper
Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in the model the make the plate
And which model which lake they found her and how they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one?
Which knife and which gun, what kid what wife and which nun?
Don't stop I like this it's fun, the fuckin' night's just begun

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a Linn Drum
Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos high
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything I ain't even drinking

[Chorus]



Mr. Mathers... Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice? OK he's not responding
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left AC right away Uh, BP is 90 over 12, respiration's at 8
OK I'm tubing him DMC this is medic 41  Medic 41, this is DMC base, go ahead
He's cold, spike him back and grab the back board 
OK, got it, on 3... 1, 2, 3 Hu-let's move...



[Spoken introduction:]
D.M.C. we have a mid 30s male
Found down unresponsive
Possible over dose
Substance unknown
Pulse is 60 and thready
Respiration's 8 he's intubated
And we're bagging him now
Uuh B.P. 90 over palp
Patient cool pale and diaphoretic
Has aspirated
Uuh G.S.C. is 3
We'll update en route
E.T.A. 10 minutes

As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate
Start off with the NyQuil like I think I'll just have a taste
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face... "Mommy, something is wrong with dad, I think.
He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me.
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me.
And all he does is eat dorritos and cheetos.
And he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat."

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold.
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like dÈj‡ vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...

Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year
And that fucker still talks to me he is all I can fucking hear
Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game it's the cowboys and buccaneers.
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time
Who's that mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind
To have another half of glass of wine sound asinine
Ya I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch, look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball
Shit must have knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I?
Man fuck am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache
Shit half a Vicodin, why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off, please, stand by"

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold,
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like dÈj‡ vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...

So I take a vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ah
A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun didn't die
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use
There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later full blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take 3 naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see
That's an Ambien each nap how many Valium? Three.
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep
OK, so now you see the reason how come he
Has taken four years just to put out an album beat
See me and you we almost had the same outcome heath
Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing
It was Bologna was it the methadone ya think
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
Your VCR tape cases with you Ambient CR great places to hide ain't it
So you can lie to Hallie
I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor... Damn

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold,
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like dÈj‡ vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't.
And why? I just don't know...



[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?

[Eminem:]
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid

Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh

[Eminem:]
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
So...



Ooww ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for..
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds,
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!

[Chorus ó Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

OK... let's go

Back wit Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Fix your musk, you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one of my mothers son who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick the fumunda cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed.
Bitches lust. Man, they love me when I lay in the cut.
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut.
Now picture us. it's ridiculous you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room.
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.

[Chorus ó Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

[Dr. Dre]
They see that low rider go by, they're, like, "Oh, my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre.
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me.
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA.
'Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends.
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.
I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz.
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in.
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know.
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions
Garage looks like Precision Collision.
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent

[50 Cent]
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
It's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up, and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the shaun dawn, burn marajaun, do what you want
Nigga, on and on till the break of what
Get the paper, man, I'm caking, you know, I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick
Fat ass burgundy bags, classy shit, Jimmy Choos shoes
I say move a bitch move

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk



Mr. Berman? What?!
We have Eminem here to see you 

about fuckin' time!
Send him in (Steve! Good to see ya man) 
Look who decided to show his face!
I hope you've had fun in the last 4 years. 
(Look man, I apologise again for-) 
For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
(Again, it was a mistake,) (a terrible mist- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?) 
and then you go and you do what? hide out? stay in Detroit from us 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down?
Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fuckin vacation?
(Well that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna, put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you, and get your opinion) 
Do I really need to hear it?
Let me guess, another album about poor me, I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life, and I'm such a tortured artist.
Let me make music about it and my tragic love life, am I on to something here? (Come on man it's not like that yo-) 
You know what? Just hand the fuckin thing over I'm done talkin to you. Think you can just come and go as you please.
Big selfish superstar (Steve, I had a drug problem) 
Oh poor me, I had a drug problem.
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? 

(Hey! hey!) Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out (Woah, woah, woah. Jesus Christ man!)
(Alright alright here, fine) What's this shit? Two CD's? 
(That's what I've been tryin to tell you man, there's 2 albums)
Just get out! (Alright!) 
Get the fuck out (Alright man, see you later)



A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit I don't know
But I do know - I'm back now.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy,
NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be, it can't be
Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed,
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to,
Get it? Headed off to (haha)
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this.
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share.
Thanks.

Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?

Yeah I got something I want to share.
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down lay down.

Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
OK wait, I got another one

I just love condoms and lots of cum, no? Oh, shit.



[Verse 1]
If I woulda rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say something about Paul Wall, you'd probably crap in your
Pants, cause I'm white, and he's white, so he's like
My competition I mean, right?
Nope, Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba, so BLALALALAPFFTTTTT
B-b-b-b-b-but, I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali
Shuffle, and dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometime's I just play possom, Like I'm asleep that's awesome
I'm like a sleeping Giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite Prey
Sink my teeth in him and fill him, full of poison
And make a noise like snake before I kill him
And let him know that I just don't feel him
And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why, look them dead in the eye, then waste em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
And the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls, for this rap game, and it g-g-goes
123, 123, 123, that ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer"

[Chorus]
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

[Verse 2]
"Shady, I know you're in there, so where? Come here
Talk to me, sit here, pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? Hahahahaha
Dye it back, come on, try it" AHHHHHHHHH
No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone will you?
"But I'm here to rebuild you", But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for eachother
Think about your mother", yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes...", fuck you motherfucker!
I had you beat "No I was playin' possom, remember?
I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your souls mine
I'm taking it back", you fucking bitch WHY!
"Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? haha"

[Chorus]
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

[Verse 3]
"Shady, listen... "SHADY!", you hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back! "Yes you do..."
No I don't! "Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't! "I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now!"
You're lying, "yo slim", HOW, WHY NOW!
Whatup Dre? "Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya
I don't know, it just seems every since you got off ya
Drugs, you became a lot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here
Just hit me back, and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror! AHHHHHHH
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you, let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch
"Put the gun down", BYE BYE!
Ok I'm still alive, "So am I too!
You can't kill a spirit, even if you tried to
Haha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?
You remember that night you, prayed to god
You'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right through
Look at this house, look at these cars, I'm so nice, wooo!
Oh, but you didn't know, fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without Nyquill
Become a valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall..." WHAT! "no one's gonna love you like I do!"

[Chorus]
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body



[Verse 1]
So this is it...
This is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it
Famed to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
But something changed
The minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it
Smell it
Started sniffin' it
And it became my cocaine
I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me (in) to a monster
I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert

I was raking in the dough
Rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up
Like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom
There was no where for me
To not go and be seen
And just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it

Every CD critics gave it a 3, then 3
Years later, they'd go back and re-rate it
And call the Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed, yet
A couple more years, that shit'll be ill-matic
And eight years later, I'm still at it
Divorce, re-married
A felon
A father
Sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk
I feel like the Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke, and I can still walk

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

I said

Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

[Verse 2]
I got a letter from a fan, that said
He's been praying for me
Every day and for some reason
It's been weighing on my mind heavy
'Cause I don't read every
Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals
I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at
I've already told you at least

A thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer, but I've already got
God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
Man, boy's got to look
Nuts
And that's the only word I can think of right now
On how
To describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get
Go ahead and bob to it
Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the shit

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

I said

Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold



[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Drake]
Last name ever
First name greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I aint nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I ball, chemo
Drop the mixtape that shit sounded like a album
Who'da thought a country wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you aint been a part of it at least you got to witness
Bitches

[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Kanye West]
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Yall seen my story my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon build statures of me
Old money Benjamin Button, whaat, nuttin
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelles husband
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesnt
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasnt
Youre such a fucking loser
He didnt even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you into a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I cant even act
They pull their cameras out and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever yall can have it back

[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Lil Wayne]
Ok, hello it's da Martian
Space jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess than I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for this is my theme park
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you dont wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne thats what they got to say or mention
Im like Nevada in the middle of the summer
Im resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shhh, my foots sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last

[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Eminem]
There they go, packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He aint had a real buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
Theyve been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You cant put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealin with a few true villains
Whose stand inside of the booth truth spillin
And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Payback muthafucka for the way that you doubted me hows it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
Im Hannibal Lecter so just in case youre thinking of saving face
You aint gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake

[Chorus]
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man



[Eminem - Verse 1:]
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping
I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, Ladies won't you fill your cups?
Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a C-cup
You can even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E-R, we are strapped with so much T-N-T
We may blow, no, not even C-P-R from the EMT
Can help you to resuscitate, You bustas must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard, What's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
(chk chk) What's my name? Shady came to crush the game
Instantly, not even fair to them cause they pale in comparisons
So much they might as well wear a skin, don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit is getting embarrassing, the fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, Dadidadidadadi
He makes it look so easy, Girl you just hit the lottery

[Eminem - Chorus:]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Dr. Dre (Eminem) - Verse 2:]
This is when shit hits the fan like it just flat out don't stand
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers
Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance, No choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts

Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the Chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals
Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof
Yeah, man, ain't that the truth? Girl, your mans is like in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, You swing? All hell breaks loose

[Chorus]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Eminem]
Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-durin the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe
With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
"E" and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, Dre fall off that's news to me



[20 seconds of background noise]
"It fits, perfect"

[Eminem]
Better watch out, sucka now I gotcha where I want ya
Onslaught, comin and I'm packin in my lunch up
Bunch of, missile launchers and a bunch of contra-
-band, van full of ganja, now come on jump
Man stop, mashin Marshall on my gotcha
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quadra-
-plegic, boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the buddah do to me what it's done
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips son
So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks
"Mister, help me" 's what he said to me and then sunk
Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once

[Chorus: Eminem]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Eminem]
Always, you can see him lurkin in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place
Hide 'em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin
You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within
Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummagin
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want to skin
Been, on the hunt again; when, will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you tryin to fight? You will never win
Severin, legs, arms, damn there goes another limb
Pull the lever then, trapdoor, death is evident

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill
Fuckin whore you better fuckin hold still
Make sure none of that, lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em and just keep to stuffin those girls
Man I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her then I'll wait, I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin told you!
I keep hearin voices like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her while you put ya shish-kabob skewers
Into her, barbecue her or would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?
[as Yoda] "In a world of sin you are, this is turnin into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are!"
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah, who ya think you're fuckin with; duck because here he comes again

[Chorus]



[Intro]
All aboard, okay, next stop, my basementÖ ha ha
I'll meet you down there

[Chorus]
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

[Verse 1]
Haters getting mad, they done had enough of shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touche me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa that a fucking daisy
That's a no-no who even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cookoo, bananas, fucking A B
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brain's all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I ought to just be honest but

[Chorus]
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

[Verse 2]
Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert, and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both faggots
It's all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut, they're facing
Together makes 'em, a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the weiner schnitzel up his ass, hopped away some-
Body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him
Homie, I'm the sheisse, pass Doctor Dre some
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No not-a now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussys queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to clean up the crap stains, feck it
I just keep saying the same exact saying, check it

[Chorus]
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

[Verse 3]
Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Think about an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down motherfucker, try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mase in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!

[Chorus]
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

[Outro]
Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fucking-A even got a bidet
Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
This shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator



[Eminem]
Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy,
Come on man, come on man, okaaaay,

[Chorus]
It feels so wrong cause it feels so right,
But its all right, its ok with me,
I'll do my steps all by myself,
I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance,
I can put you in a trance the way I dance,
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm
Taking My Ball and going home, hooome,

[Verse 1]
I'm that guy man,
Shove a diamond up my hind end,
And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals,
Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles,
While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl,
Now lets cuddle,
Blood curdling your gurgling on your blood,
What I do for my next trick,
Im feeling won-der-ful,
I think I might just do something a little less subtle,
Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole,
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin
I slash her in the ass with a icicle
And leave her laying a blood bath
While I put a catheter in
And jump in the bath with her,
In my spiderman mask man
Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on,
Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon,
Are those pistachio's damn, I'd like to have some,
Laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one,
Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on,
God damn man are you that much of an asshole,

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm like houdini,
Tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each
One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie,
Make the shit disappear like tara reid in a bikini, believe me homie,
You don't know the meaning of a meanie,
They call me the fruit loop from jupiter,
I'm trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot,
Dont move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula
You aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus,
Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studio
Now who do ya think is more fruitier,
Weenier smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice,
You should've seen it mother,
I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card,
Then I'll go meet Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart
Then mosy on over to Rosie-o-Donnell's
With McDonald's jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos..

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Shady what are you doing chewing on a human,
Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM!
Assuming the fact that dudes in the back room
Using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon,
Skewing a rat a cat screwing a baboon,
You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom,
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds,
You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance ooh,
But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair
And make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing
Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for,
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed,
Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet,
No wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed,
You like graffiti dike, well I can pee pee and write your name,

[Chorus]

Fine nobody wants to play with me 
Fuck you then bitch!
You guys are always mean to me anyways 
All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff
You guys are gonna make me...make me sad I'm sad
I'm gonna cry...I'm crying
I'm going' tell my mom....mom...



[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah girl
Can you hear that?
It's playing our song
Are you sleepy?
Take a nap
You're not afraid of the dark are ya?

[Verse 1]
You hear the beat As it makes ya Not want to go to sleep
I knock on Dakota's door It's locked so I go to creep
'round the back with binoculars Not 'cause I want to peep
But because I'm hungry She smells like taco's I want to eat
Visions of hot choclatey marshmallows Also sweet
With sugar plums Oh look, here comes Marshall he's on your street
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet
Now walk on 'em He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek
Like a Thanksgiving turkey A holiday ham
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast With strawberry marmalade jam
Flavor my favorite graham crackers With Jon Benet Rams
I guess a modern day jack the ripper Is all that I am
My music box

[Chorus:]
Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep
But i can hear u my love, you keep calling me
I want the world to know, you mean the world to me
So when you call me to come, I will answer
Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep
I hear my music box, playing a song for me
So wont you whirl around, and do a whirl for me
And want you be my private dancer

[Verse 2]
I almost look comatose, Who wants to be sobered gross
I foam like a doberman, mouth open I overdose
Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes and I plug my nose
My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know
I put on my mother's make up, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds
There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out
The devils upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out
I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house
They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box
Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do, it's locked
I pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts
I dig til I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts
It's playing a song, so beautiful and the room is dark
The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I'm fixated on asphyxating and breakin' this little chick's
Neck like a pixie stick
The sick Satan worshippin', bitches get horse-whippins,
I'm in the back, through the back door, slip in
Through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin'
The mortition of love, sent from above,
Forced entry, the more wenchy, the more stingy I become
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century, I'm just numb
Am I dreamin', is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns
The time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the ladder
I'd had enough of the chatter, climb up to the window, look at her
And climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and batter her
with the bat, a matter of fact that will splatter her
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her
Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like Tabatha!
I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya
So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her
Zoom in with the lens, then pan back, the camera
Stand back, cuz here comes your man Jack, so Pamela

[Chorus]



[Eminem]
Yeah boy,
dem better to ring the alarm boy,
Dem know what's coming boy,

[Verse 1]
Oh my God, fucking Bomboclat
I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire,
Tie a whore up with barbwire, nothing but a bra boy,
I'm the real deal, and charbroil her on the bonfire,
And Bon Voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar-
-dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer,
Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya,
Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales,
Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels,
But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield
Mister fly-by-the-seat-of-his-pants parasail
Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts
And I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada,
Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on them,
I don't want no doggone beef,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want the dog on me,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,

[Verse 2]
Boy, I'm the real McCoy,
You little boys can't even fill voids,
Party's over kids, kill the noise,
Here come the kill joys,
Me and Dre the steel alloys,
The rap crown royals,
Who scalp cowboys
Now how that sound for ya,
Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya,
So kick ya shoes off in the foyer
Have a sound voyage,
And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow,
Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara,
And have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar,
Whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw,
Yeah you fresher than most boy, I'm just doper than all boy,
Boy I'm that boy, boy them boys boy them no up to par,
I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot,
There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star,
Boy, I told you boy, I'm a Soldier boy, I'm DeShaun,
Holten in this bitch, I'm the Proof boy your a fraud,
I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod
Oh my god boy, you didn't go there, no you did not,
I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot,
Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not,
Apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock,
We get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop,
All I got to do is point to the spot,
When the bomb drops boy does it drop,
And when it does boy there's a problem,

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Boy dont jinx yourself,
Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt,
Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself,
I'm sick as hell boy,
You better run and tell someone else,
Bringing hell, boy singing telegrams will get dealt,
And to that boy on them sedative meds
Who said he was better,
I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater,
Back better than ever,
The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
I'll settle vendettas a little later,
Giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake,
By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate
You 'bout one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave,
Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day
So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit,
Couldn't agree with ya more, If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink,
Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink,
It just floats in the fucking water, till we fill up the tank,

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a bigger stage they came to see you spit your game
Ooooohhhhhhh
It shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice you remain
Fuck em' all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again

So, god damn... is it that time again already
Haha, you don't look too happy to see me
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right, fuck ya'll then

[Verse 1]
You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts
Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sick mummy
And my nuts, licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny!
Shawty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, cause I'm just a mean cock sucker
This shit is on, cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddha, light a bong
But take a look at mariah the next time I inspire you to write a song, c'mon

[Chorus]
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

[Verse 2]
Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Ya'll are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy footin, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you musta mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (shady ease up!)
Man chill, nah I can't god damnit
Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake, urine in your face
Cause you're fake, ahh what the fuck, that hurt wait!
Ahh what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit, god I give up
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

[Verse 3]
How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, 'til then I drop the fucking bombs
Like I miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When the aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo so
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
That last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

[Outro]
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know, I don't know but I probably be this way 'til my dying day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold mean things I don't mean to say
I guess this is how you made me



[Intro:]
Ayo Before I start this song man
I just want to thank everybody for being so patient
And bearing with me over these last couple of years
While I figure this shit out

[Chorus: Kobe]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talkin to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me?
I guess I keep talkin to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy?

Yeayah
Woah wah
Woah wah (oh oh oh oh oh)
Woah wah
Woah wah (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)

[Bridge: Eminem]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is, let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I went away I guess to open up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew that I was going through growin' pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins
On the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissin Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself
He was spittin and I wasn't
Anyone who was buzzin back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank God that I didn't do it
I would've had my ass handed to me
And I knew it but Proof wasn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth poppin another pill tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You gon' start dissin people for no reason?
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying
Your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help

[Chorus: Kobe]

[Bridge: Eminem]

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talkin to the wall though
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talkin to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not a egomaniac that's not his motto
He's not a desperado he's desperate, it's starting to bottle inside 'em
One foot on the brake one on the throttle
Fallin asleep with writers block in the parking lot of McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough
It isn't them it's you you fuckin baby
Quit worrying about what they do and do shady
I'm fucking going crazy

[Chorus: Kobe]

[Bridge: Eminem]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
So I pick myself off the ground and fuckin swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around
It's different them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out
I've come to make it up to you no more fucking around
I've got something to prove to fans cause I feel like I've let em down
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowin up, pullin up, blowin up, all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos
I'm back with a vengeance, homie, Weezy keep ya head up,
T.I., keep ya head up, Kanye, keep ya head up,
Don't let up, keep slayin em
Rest in Peace to DJ AM
Cause I know what it's like
I struggle with this shit every single day

[Chorus: Kobe]

[Bridge: Eminem]

[Talking: Eminem]
So there it is (there it is)
Damn
It feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man
Ay yo
And to anybody who thought about going there, it was never nothing personal, some shit I was going through
And to everybody else...
I'm back! (I'm back) haha



Yeah.. Ya Know?.. Critics Man
Critics Never Got Nothin Nice To Say man
You know the one thing I notice about critics man?
Is.. critics never ask me how my day went
Well imma tell em

[Verse 1:]
Yesterday my dog died, I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said next time you blow up try to spit a flow
You wanna criticize dog try a little mo
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as ghostrider
Cold hearted as spiderman throwin a spider in the snow
So ya better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? why is winter cold
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes
Listen dog Christmas is off this is as soft as it gets
This isnt golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissin me is just like pissin off the wizard of oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then discribe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make chris piss in his draws
Ticklin him go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

[Hook:]
You on fire
Thats how ya know your on a roll
Cause when you hot its like your burnin up everyone elses cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so fuckin sick I got ambulances pullin me over and shit
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip hop shop the blow
Your on fire.. your on fire

[Verse 2:]
I just wrote a bullshit hook in between two long ass verses if you mistook the for a song, look
This aint a song its a warnin to brooke, hogan and david cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writin and kill it
Im lightning in a skillet your a fuckin flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashin a fan
Mr mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Salivas like sufiric acid in your hand itll eat through anything metal the ass of iron man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin chance is assanine
Yeah ask the nine man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I aint playin
Pull up in a van and hop out at a homeless man holdin a sign sayin
Vietnam vet.. I'm out my fuckin mind man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this aint savage you aint never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldnt make a belemic puke on a piece of fuckin corn and peanut poop
Sayin you sick quit playin you prick dont nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yellin at air
I aint even talkin to noone cause aint nobody there
Nobody will fuckin test me cause these hos wont even dare
Im wastin punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw dont waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about michaels hair

[Hook:]
You're on fire
Thats how ya know your on a roll
Cause when you hot its like your burnin up everyone elses cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so hot my motherfuckin firetrucks on fire homie
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll cause when you say the shit to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
Your on fire.. your on fire
Your on fire



[Chorus - Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
you can call out your guards
you can fence in your yard
you can hold all the cards
but I won't back down
oh no I wont back down
oh no

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles
brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
girl I'm too for real
lose your tooth and nails
try to fight it, try to deny it
stupid you will feel
what I do, I do it well
shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill
half a breath left on my death bed
screaming, "F that!" yeah super ill
baby what the deal
we can chill, split half a pill and a happy meal
fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
you know the fucking drill
how you douche bags feel knowing you're disposable?
summer's eve Massengill
shady's got the mass appeal baby crank the shit
cause it's your Goddamn jam
you say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
well shawty I'm that man
these other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
settle ya fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man
get it calm Batman?
nah, ain't nobody whose as bomb and as nuts
lines are like mom's cat scans
cause they fucking go bananas
honey I applaud that ass
swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
ma, show ëem how it's done
spazz like a God Damn Tas, yeah

[Chorus - Pink]

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J Fox in the drawers playin' with a etch-a-sketch
bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
people hit the floors
yeah tonight ladies you gon get divorced
girl forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads with
Chris's force like you pissed him off
talented with the tongue motherfucker
you ain't gotta lick in yours
hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
makin' cash registers shit their draws
think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
laying on your kitchen floor
in other words I'm off the meat rack
bring the beat back
bring me two extension chords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
fuck my dicks big bitch
need I remind you that I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
you're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
need a fix up I'm the big shot
get it dicks snots
you're just small boats little pricks
girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
ëfore I sit back and let ëem get hot
better call the cops on ëem quick fast
shady's right back on your bitch ass
white trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch)

[Chorus - Pink]

[Verse 3 - Eminem:]
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup til he burps
and smokes purp
does a word search gets circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
psych I'm spiking you like a football
been this way since I've stood a foot tall
you're a good catch with a shitty spouse
got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
gimme good brain
watch the wood grain, don't want no cum stain
bitch, you listening? Tryna' turn me down
slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up
are you insane tryna talk over me in the car
shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'
I'ma shit stain on the underwear of life
what's the saying? where there's thunder there's lightning
and they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
then how the fuck have I been hit six times
in three different locations
on four separate occasions?
and you can bet your stinking ass
that I've come to smash everything in my path
fork was in the road took the psychopath
poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
so hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone
shake your booty shawty I'm the shit
why you think Proof used to call me Doody?

[Chorus - Pink]



[Intro]
Yeah! Oh! Get Up! I said get up! Let's go!
Better watch out, now
Here we come (come)
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun (sun)
So give us room to do our thing
Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (one)
So everybody come on get up on the floor
Right now and grab someone (one)

[Verse 1]
Now first of all I'm the boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my Dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto likes it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come on get him
If you dames want 'em
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him?
Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now could I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get in, dance!

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!

[Verse 2]
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I probably still be too high to get outta bed
Til I feel like I been hit wit the sharp part'a the hammer
Mixin' Hennessey and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa!"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryin' ta play the wall like you balling
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
Cause as soon as they throw on some R-Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
C'mon

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!

[Verse 3]
Now whether you're black, white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
Cause girl I got a sick wip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece 'a dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell ya now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, yall?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Cold slaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up!

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!



[Ozzy]
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

[Eminem]
Lately I really, feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly,
feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining,
But life keeps on complicating, and I'm debating,
On leaving this world, this evening, even my girls
Can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it,
But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty,
When inside I'm dying, I am finally realizing I need help.
can't do it myself, too weak, two weeks I've been having ups and downs,
going through peaks and valleys, dilly dallying,
round with the idea of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection, I walk around the house tryin' to fight mirrors,
I can't stand what I look like, yeah, I look fat, but what do I care?
I give a fuck, only thing I fear is Hailie,
I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her,
Shit...

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon,
Yeah dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills,
And you falling off with yer skills, and your own fans are laughin' at you?
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up,
Be a man, stand, a real man would've had this shit handled.
(I) know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed,
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust,
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that,
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first,
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse,
Now I'm popping Vic's, Perks and Methadone pills.
"Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it"
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men,
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it,
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it, I guess then...

[Chorus]

(don't know what I'm gonna do, but I just keep on going through changes)

My friends can't understand this new me,
That's understandable, man, but think how bananas you'd be,
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse to be at a all time low.
I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD
Of the first tour, the last tour he was still alive.
And it hurts so I fast forward, sleepin' pills will make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night,
I'll just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfuckin' right,
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma, yeah homie come on dole 'em out
Daddy, don't you die on me, daddy, better hold your ground.
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice,
Yeah baby hold me down.

[Chorus]

(don't know what I'm gonna do, but I just keep on going through changes)

[Eminem]
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof.
I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not have made it through?
I think about the things I would have never got to say to you,
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do.
Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina, too,
I still love your mother, that'll never change,
Think about her every day, we just could never get it together.
Hey, wish there was a better way, for me to say it,
But I swear on everything, I'd do anything for her on any day.
There are just too many things to explain, when it rains,
guess it pours, yes, it does, wish there wasn't any pain.
But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame,
I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows I've never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history,
And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say,
"I miss you" subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way.
But I just had to get away, don't know why,
I don't know what else to say, I guess I'm...

[Chorus]

(don't know what I'm gonna do, but I just keep on going through changes)



[Chorus:]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

[Intro (during Chorus):]
Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'ma do something I do it,
I don't give a damn what you think,
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe

[Chorus]

Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that
Fuck your fillings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was ehhh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
Cause I ain't playing around
It's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!

[Chorus]

And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'ma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...

[Chorus]



I don't know man,
Just feels like, we're a lot different, kinda feels like, we're on a whole different page right now.
It feels strange but uh, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...

I feel like I'm morphing into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfing, all competitors.
Better get your girlfriend in check. It's psychological warfare. Endorphin side affect.
His self esteem shatters his dialect. Comes blasting out your deck, "she loves me".
Such passion you'd expect this sort of reaction from her. Yet, you strong arm.
You're fucking corny. You try to turn your charm on. 'cause you just think your bishop, the Don Juan.
But if you think that you're fucking with me, homie you're on one.
I'm cocking my head back like, "Ed Lover. C'mon son. She's on my Johnson.
She brings my name up constant." Your boys are like, "She's fucking with dude. She wants him."
Oh boy you better get a clue, she's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you. What you expect her to do?
How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closing her eyes, fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

She sitting there getting liquored up at the bar.
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are.
There's a seven disc CD changer in her car, and I'm in every single slot, and you're not. Aww.
I'm the logo on the Dallas cowboy helmet.
The star, and I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable. Aww.
Switch it up, and watch them haters not give it up 'cause ya just not good enough.
Well I'm not giving up til I get my respect, and I won't stop til I get enough,
'cause I'm not living up to my own expectations. Aww.
That hater alarm is sounding off, that Obama took the bomb from my name. Aww.
So quit crying that I took your dame, homie she's my dame. Aww.
You sadly mistaking if you thinking that I'm not on my game, boy.
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth.
You wear your heart on your sleeve. I sport that white tank boy.
But you got a hard on for me. What you hollering my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick. Ain't my dang fault. Man, I can't call it.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

It's like I'm playing lyrical tug of war with your ear. You hear it girl, come here.
Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier. Seducing her.
Loosing up with a little freestyle that'll wait, am I losing you? Am I making you look bad?
Well I got news for ya, homie, ya losing her. Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast.
Am I trying to show her how? Let me slow it down some. It's still gonna be a blow out.
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album.
Rummage through the shit, and try to salvage something to see if you can save any of it,
Punk but none of it's fucking with me. Prick, you really feeling that bullshit?
You think you killing them syllables. Quit playing. These beats ain't nothing to fool with.
They call me Fire Marshall. I shut the shit down.
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round.
I am also the opposite of what you are like. You are microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic.
I am awesome and you are just aww struck. She's love stricken.
She's got her jaw stuck, from sucking my dick. Aww Fuck.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she wants you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you.
So don't you seduce at what I do. 'cause one minute she wants you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you...

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she wants you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you.
So don't you seduce at what I do. 'cause one minute she wants you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.



[Verse 1:]
We touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'ma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is "evol"
Spell it backwards I'll show you

Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a

[Chorus:]
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

[Verse 2:]
I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this

[Gunshot]

And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...

[Chorus:]
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you



Yeah,
You know, technically, I'm not even really supposed to be here right now,
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it.

(Amen!)
Yeah, haha
(Amen!)
Feels good,
(Amen!)
Whooo,
(Amen!)
Guess I'm lucky,
(Amen!)
Some of us don't get a second chance.
(Amen!)
But I ain't blowing this one.
(Amen!)
Naw man, haha
(Amen!)
Shit I feel like I can do anything now.

Who can catch lightning in a bottle? Set fire to water?
Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flier than swatters?

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em,
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em.

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

There's a storm comin' that the weather man couldn't predict,
I start the bug prick, you better flee cause I get ticked
It's a rap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked.
I got up I'm back to punch ya to the ground, ya trick,
It's a trap, fuck my last CD that shits in my trash,
I be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass,
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last.
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat ya eyelashes,
And keep winking and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood. I ain't just hurtin' your rep',
I catch a flow and get goin',
No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one,
Knowin' there is nothin' you can do about it
Zeroin' on the target like a marksman,
The target is you.
I shut ya lane down,
Took ya spot, parked in it too,
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can ya do?
Go get ya crew to hype you up stand behind you like whoooo!

That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too:
Fry his ass, and put his ashes back together with glue,
See you can hate 'em, he don't blame you frankly he would too,
This game could ill-afford to lose him, how bout you?

Now guess who (hey),
Here's a clue (hey),
He came to the ball in a wife beater, lost his Nike shoe,
It's in ya ass (hey),
He's in ya ass, he's all up in your psyche too,
Now what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine
I'd be
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Music is my time machine, so call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Fuck catching lightnin'
He struck it
Screamed "Shut up!" at thunder,
And flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Rewound the future to the present, paused it don't ask how,
Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now
He's

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Cinderella man
Send the fellow Shady dane came to wrap the game up in cellophane,
Raise up from hell he came,
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story,
Nor did he come to do the same,
Or can't afford to be a label in this day and age,
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly,
So say bye,
To the old H.I.
To the new, Que Sera
Consider it his last hurrah
Coup de grace
Raise 'em high in the sky,
Keep 'em up
Time to bring the place alive,
Thanks for being patient
I will make no more mistakes,
Shit my potato's baked,
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly,
My fillet is smoking weed,
Yea faggot the stakes are high
Shit I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of God,
The skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts I skated by,
Now y'all are on thin ice
With ankle weights I hate to lie,
How fuckin' irritated are you?
How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do but fear it
Proof is here in spirit and
And I'm the spittin' image
I'll mirror it
When I stand near it,
Your pussy lyric,
I cunt hear it,
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?

Who?
Here's a clue.
He came to the ball in his wife beater,
Lost his Nike shoe,
It's in ya ass, he's in ya ass, he's all up in ya psyche too.
Now, what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Music is my time machine
So call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man.



[Intro]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Yeah)
Too late
([Eminem:] I can't keep chasing em
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase
25 to life

[Verse 1]
I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half of my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
Imma take control of this relationship
Command it, and imma be the boss of you now goddamnit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
And I wont be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
Hows it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate but it's,

[Chorus]
Too late for the other side ([Eminem:] Yeah)
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life

[Verse 2]
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time
You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still man I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make em famous
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh,
Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
It's ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make em
My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted
To the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drawn in so I guess imma mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time imma
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list

Fuck you hip-hop
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch
And it's just

[Chorus]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late
Caught in a chase
25 to life



Yeah..
Ha ha..you feel that baby?
Yeah, I feel it too.
Damn.
You know..I'm so glad we could spend this time together
See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?
Heh..

I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling,
I'm right back on 'em, with the
[scratches] I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now, it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as The breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?

[Chorus x2:]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April, I'ma make you learn
To appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phoney, little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the huggy-bear and all the kissyface, please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of Jager, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you?
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm...

[Chorus x2]

[Bridge]
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go..
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's organic
You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'ma hang a sign up
Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?

[Chorus x2]

[Bridge]

[Chorus x2]
[Over the chorus] Ha ha..
Dr. Dre
2010!
Light years ahead of you..ha ha..
Who!



Can't stop now, this may be the last chance that I getó
(I just wanna be famous).

[Chorus:]
You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You can not fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You can not fill these shoes
I just want to be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

[Verse 1]
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker
A murker with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off, get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you sure did shit your pants
When you saw that chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
How thangs turn out
When his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I cum back
Like nut on your spine
I'm the thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming "a tac!" like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem till he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe 'dem bitches shit
His britches, he out growed 'em
He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him
Rigor mortis and post mortem
He's dying of boredom
Take your best rhymes, record 'em
To try to thwart him
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit stained drawers
You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce
Games off, homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backing down
You must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand,
Some are just stored in my memory
Some are wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short of a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick
Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger, matta' fact I need a lawyer
I just laced my gloves wit' enough plaster
To make a cast, beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Vern Troyer
Ya'll are Eminem backwards, your meni me's
See he's in a whole 'nother weight class
He slugs, you're BB's you're bean bag bullets
You're full of it; you were dissin' his CD's
Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E.
He's almost famous

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls
Screaming the wood off the panelling
Cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads
He ain't given 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
When it scars, till Abraham Lincoln is screaming out "awww!"
His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it
He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman, girl
The bullies become bullied, if pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me
'Cause I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blow it
Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it
And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bare witness to some biblical shit
There's a cold wind blowing
This world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it, he made it, he's finally famous



[Intro - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse - Eminem:]
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate,
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it.
"Wait! Where you going?"
"I'm leaving you!"
"No you ain't. Come back."
We're running right back.
Here we go again
It's so insane cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped
Who's that dude?
"I don't even know his name."
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse - Eminem:]
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah, them chills you used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over,
It controls you both
So they say you're best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse - Eminem:]
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby, please come back
It wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know its lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
Im'a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
I'm just gonna

[Outro - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie



[Chorus:]
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

[Verse 1:]
If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's fans believe me clowns
That means suicide homie you'll never throw me
Off of this course blow me
Bitch I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all I'm not just talking awards homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no re
Morse remember that when they get to dogging you boy homie
So ya all can just get to blogging about bologna I'm not gonna stop the saga continues
No stopping the force Obi
I'm mopping the floors with em
I keep trying to pass it but they keep on dropping the torch and it won't be long til this sport is O-V-E-R
just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors and no we
Ain't pumpkins on Halloween but we'll show up on your porch so be
Careful what you say there ain't no punks over here so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

[Chorus:]
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

[Bridge:]
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
Homie I'll never forget you no

[Verse 2:]
For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic It'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap dancing all over the beat it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now Doody for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die yeah I'm a do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new heights step on the gas and accelerate I'm a need 2 mics
Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it excuse this corny metaphor
But they'll never ketchup to all this energy that I've mustard
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'm a show em blow em out the water slaughter em homes
I'm a own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below em
Homie I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night had another dream about you
You told me to get up I got up I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight I was on my way to see you
You told me nah Doody you're not laying on that table I knew
I was gonna make it soon as you said think of Hailie I knew
There wasn't no way that I was gonna ever leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So homie this is your song I dedicate this to you
I love you Doody

[Chorus:]
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

[Bridge:]
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
Homie I'll never forget you no



(You don't own me. Don't try to change me)
Nah man
Not quite finished yet

Girl, I think,
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
in your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautÈed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo, Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me)
While he's trying to roll a snowball,
but don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me)

Now here we go go go

Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
as a rational fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out [fart] "Ohp, What?"
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because..

You don't own me

Here we go go go

And now that I got your panties in a bunch
and your bowels in an uproar
Im'ma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more,
bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass
and your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids

And remember boys

You don't own me

Now here we go go go

Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
'Til next time

ha ha

Peace!



Aw man...
YeahÖ
You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?

You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, you're pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this
You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
From splitting your shit wide open, no stitches can save
You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say "Isn't this great?"
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
That's starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late
It's absolute pandemonium
Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate
Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today
Could of made you anticipate Such an ass-whipping, okay
'til the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace cause Shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill
Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy, how do you feel ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell nah
He must be trying to kill my buzz
I will not budge, so what the deal ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that
Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac bottle
We snuck it in cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap
I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like "This guy might hurt me"
You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out or go powder your nose
Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes
You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose
We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us and
Adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing
My signature ligature marks, look at you all
Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you is so sick it's Bizarre
Shit this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments, ahh
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that
You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap
In fact I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

Yeah, what the deal?
I'm feeling hard as hell right now homie
I almost feel... Invincible and shit
Ay Dre! You got me feeling like I can't be touched right now fool
I'm unstoppable
Damn



[Eminem]
Ladies and gentlemen, make some noooooise!
Aww shit, yeah
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what?
Aight, well I brought some friends with me too

Now I ain't back just for the sake of just sayin I'm back
I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black
out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac
Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin
Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin
Whoa-oh, I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin
Uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble!
What's occurin befo', after and durin the show
has no bearing on the bad news I'm baring, whoa
What is it, wordplay? No I'm pushin you out the do'
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin feet 'til you get to squishin a hoe
It's pandemo-nium standin know when you see him, oh
Damn baby you look good, you're givin me wood
You should, pull over like a sweat-shirt with a hood
It's neck work, get her polly on, you and me both
Break bread while I'm coppin over this game to pinch a loaf
Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass?
Who claims to be spittin the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half!
So stop fakin the funk and start shakin your ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the caucasian of rap
and Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazin than that?
Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at?

[Royce Da 5'9"]
I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you
Lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon
Before I need to be hired, Jimmy Io' fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the linin
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69'in
It's like Rick James is shootin up your house nigga!
[rapid gunfire] FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA!
You're screamin fuck the world with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shovin my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit, for murder
because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns
Blow your brains on your opposite ear, and ask you how your brain sounds
Bad, Evil, we go Alfred, immune in mad cerebral
You on your last burrito!
(What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eatin
Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on FIRE, nobody touchin that
Good day and good night, Ortiz yo where the FUCK you at?

[Joell Ortiz]
I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years
ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a nightmare
Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares
I harbor the art, of you nice swear {?}
It's type weird cause that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishin off his ninth beer
Homie chill, listen, I swear
I'm God, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears
I'm right here, why wouldn't I be?
Just waitin to be hooked to IV as {?} as well when you look at my pee
And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction
And record the pig's oink, when I rip his intestine
This isn't just an infection
This won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit
seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it
Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen
I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Emiddinem
So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgustin hook
Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook?

[Crooked I]
I'm right here lettin the shottie pop, quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop
Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop
Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped
I take your life to the ninth inning
A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winnin
I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny
I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money
Man, all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches
then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala
I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas
As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah
Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun
I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con
A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam!
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flyin
We do it to try to do without tryin
(Slaughterhouse!) Cause to it's us it's so easy
Where's, Jumpoff Joe Beezy?



[Obie Trice:]
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department

[Eminem:]
I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate the sane
Cinic keep em' thinking its a fucking gimmick when it ain't
Clinically insane, brain is on Venus suck Uranus
Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say
He may seem as though he's plain normal
If you ever meet him, greet him with a shake, see
He ain't as mean as what they say
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say
So he's vague, so they mistake him for just bein' crazed
You part ways, your impression of him changed
You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him "peace and thanks"
Then you catch him flipping you off, with his pants down
Hands around his scrotum, tucking his fucking penis between his legs

[Obie Trice:]
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department

[Eminem:]
Its all psychologic, why am I so maniacal,
Am I psycho or some kind of psychotic stick,
Or am I truly psychotic, or my molecules just diabolical,
Cause biologically I defy logic, bye golly hall me off  on a trolly, probably wanna cracker, I'm back on the wacky tobacco,
I'm a step away from crack Obie smack the shit outta me,
I'm so slap happy man, snap me back to reality,
Ima walking art gallery, a science museum,
Elephantiasis of the nuts you probably die if you see em,
I pull em out they hit the ground and probably crack the cement,
I need an ambulance I cant just put em back in my pants



[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better

Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo
She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat
And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro
Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego
You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole
And rope it shut with a lasso
Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil
Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though
Coke is cut with tobacco
Smoke it up then go wacko
This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco
Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough
Let her ass go
Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole
I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter
Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter
I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers
Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar
They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar
Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra-
cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?

[B.o.B]
B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
Cause I will never lay down?
And I will never let up?
(I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better)

[B.o.B - Verse 2]
With the soul of a Sharman
I leave the beat than vomit
Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach
I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies
Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in
So can you hear me coming
Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting
It's probably go diseases on it
I'm just being honest, I can see the comments
I can see the evolution as we creep up on it
I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie
Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money
I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging
Somebody tell these girls please release my undies
Nobody really understands my language
I find it complicated just to hold a conversation
But still I got a whole lot of patience
Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better

[Eminem - Verse 3]
Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer
Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle
Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha
I gotcha pychologically fucked
Michael would like an apology what
Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt
And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts
I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut
I aint nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut
The poster addict for post tramatic stress
I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while
This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers
I can hear him start to gather
I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family
This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny
Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning
(He can't say whore)
Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better



Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Man, I got everything candy-painted
Candy-painted tint, shit's so dark
I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit
at least nine of my friends
Plus, I got so much candy paint in my rims
Paint be flyin' off my car
Be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids
I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland
Ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man
I park the car in the garage and go in and
Come back the next mornin'
The rims are still spinnin'
Hit the wheels on that Phantom, man, that shit looks like the Batmobile
32-inch rims, shit, I ain't even got no wheels
Custom-fitted, custom-kitted wood grain
Custom everything, what's that on the seat?
Custom mustard stain
Now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball
Get out the car, they be like, "Ah, there go them superstars!"
Hit every single store, flash a fucking wad of cash
but I ain't buying shit, bitch
Kiss my candy-painted ass
We...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hit the corner liquor store
To get Corona, tip the owners
Sipped it on the way out as I dipped, I wanna rip the road up
And I'ma hit the cinema and I'ma get the hoes,
When I be it, I be it, shit, anything goes
I'm ballin' out of control, girls know I'm loaded with dough
But, shit, I'm stingy as fuck
I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes
These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come
but I'm like what up
Shut up, bitch, sit up, get up off them knees
My candy paint's enough
If you're lucky, I'll let you hug me, but that's all you get
Then I'ma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see
Yeah...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck
I'm horny as fuck, bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what?
I'll fuck a chick in the butt, I really don't give a shit
Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch?
You fuckin' keyed up my Benz
Bitch, I beat up my friends
Don't think I won't beat a bitch
I'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs
You fuckin' retard, I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat
I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat
What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks?
I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me
How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV?
Turn around and use it on me
You tryna snort on my keys?
You fuckin' broad, get in back, you're comin' to Florida with me,
Tell your momma I'ma drop you off at the hospital later
We finna make this run
Take this gun and cover me, Slater
And quit your...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]



[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Swifty]
This the life of a rocker
jagermeister and vodka
Hoppin' off of the club's balcony
Into the crowd, surfin'
And when they drop me, I'm randomly sockin' fans
And when my interviews in hockey masks,
Slap the journalists on their ass
I'm high off speed,
Drivin' my car at high speed
Pocket full of weed, while lesbians follow me
I'm in the studio, envy
My h & m, gon' call for me
Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week
So let's Bang!! all up in my head
Get 'em back ungrateful dead
Bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed
I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this the sympathy
Just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Kuniva]
Some boys are wallin
Drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin'
Been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island
Hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan
Little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo
Man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage
Livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious
We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since I've slept
My dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left
Just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone
Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong
Our label presented us with a plaque
Brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks
Now which one of you bitches down for the cause
Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls
Last call then we off to the next city, yeah
Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Eminem]
Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy
Fuck it, I am crazy
What's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue
We lost proof, he was our crew's glue
But where was you, when we were fallin' apart
You were shittin on us too
But no one but us knew we were beefin'
Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew
It stays in the crew, cause it's just crew
But we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew
Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you!
And we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to
Pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you
Ahh choo!
Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy, sluts too
Yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you
Have some bullshit to readjust
Still got a just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due
So rest in peace to Bugz and proof
This one's for you homies, we love you
But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this...

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!



[Chorus:]
Put it on my wee wee!
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange! [x4]

[Verse 1:]
Got a dick, it's as big as a banana
I try to control it, but I can't.
It's too tough, it's like an AK flip banana.
You better watch out, Hannah Montana!
Man, what's the matter? Have you no manners? (no!)
You know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah, I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that.
Now I got the cops on my tail for that!
Run up on your car with a stale banana
In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that.
It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that.
Wait a minute, man! What the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you goin'? What are you, bananas?!
You can't go back there, stupid ass!
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask.
Who the fuck are you, Superman?
All you have is a little stupid can
Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh, good answer!
A super bonanza extravaganza.
Man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
You better get them clothes off, baby boy.
Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn!
Ready, set, go! Hit play, record!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Are you ready? - You better hold the camera steady.
She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete!
She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
She's pro'ly gonna kill ya; still wanna check, see?
Have a little quick look? - Go on?
She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot, the hell with that?
We probably should run, don't dare look back!
We probably, probably, probably
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
But you probably didn't know that, did ya?
Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya!
Quit tryna hold my hand, mista'!
Pretend she's your little sista'! - Little sista'! [?]
Might as well take the whipped cream with ya
And when you see her, make sure you get a picture!
We could try to make another "Blair Witch-a - movie"
A beastiality porno with smoothies.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
It's Eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri
The "Beauty And The Beast", his back is hairy.
But she don't care, they're attractive, very
Very sexually active, very.
No, Zack! Don't go back in there!
It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair!
He screams: "Bloody Mary!" - Grabs a mirror
But stop just ain't in her vocabular.
"Get off me, please! Get off me, stop!"
Ballin' back at a coffee shop.
They go non-stop. - She says: "Go!"
He says: "No! " - She says: "Oh!"
Back and forth, they scream and shout.
Yeah, boy; let them demons out!
It's the kinda nightmare you dream about
Uh-oh! Now the whipped cream is out.
I get sick thoughts. - Sick, sick, thoughts.
The things you could do with your lipstick gloss.
Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange.
Bitch, keep going! - Bitch, keep going!

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Banana...
Banana...
Banana... [beat fades out]
Banana...
Banana...



I'm a goat
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

This is the part I was worried about
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
and I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes
and everyone's telling me what I should do
and how I should come out and what to rap about
and I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out
and I'm not sure how this is gonna come off
they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky (haha)
like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me
see, the thing about me
is you don't really know a thing about me
everyone's making a stink about me
like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me
surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers, and bangers
and the most dangerous criminals
and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors
but, see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave
but why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other emcees?
so when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-z
please, be that just subliminally
means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's
the only one up in that league, see
and it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
knowing god damn well that I'm one of the best motherfucking rappers who ever lived period.

I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game
so they gotta go try to find em a new Eminem
or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen
man, I thought I was crazy
or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white
cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight
and Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write
because he's so caught up in that snow white
that Timbaland can't even get him in the studio
he's so gone off that coke, right
and it's so sad, cause he's dope, right
America's next great white hope, right
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show, right
and which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about
they said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out
there's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
and I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit
"Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white and the best golfer's black?"
and I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that
but these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out
but I had already hit middle America
Parents had all got to likin' me now
when suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy
all of the hatred for me must've died
thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy
so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays
and anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy
not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy
and Angelina Jolie is just another ho
and Brad is a sucka' because once I fuck her
she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby
you know what I say? No
You better save some of them kids from Madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a Shady? Well, you got it, man
I ain't apologizin' for shit.

I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home, man
shit is too easy
nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause
(I'm a goat)
so don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game
and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best
but y'all know that
(I'm a goat)
and like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best
before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch
but before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much to everybody who wasn't there from the start
and thank you very much to everybody who was
and y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it
cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know
(I'm a goat)
(hahahaha)
I'm out, y'all
it's been real, peace



[INTRO]
I'm a little nutty and I know it
but if you go back and
take a look at my history
you will see that I'm
not the only one who's off his rocker
there were many before me 
I was always labelled
the black sheep of the family what a bad seed I
grow to be but if you take a look
at us now you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 1]
(haha) alright, look
I'ma tell you the story
from my side maybe you'll understand check it out 
you done witnessed
unexplainable shit
too insane to explain
people run from what
the just don't get
maybe Shady shoulda
just hit 'em with a little bit
did I spit too soon?
Should I of spoon fed 'em it?
but I was just so eager
to prove I was even worth
being in the same
league or the room with of the people
of whom I was in every now and then I
look up like I was seeking approval
was it because of the
pigment of my skin
or was it a figment of
my imagination
maybe it bothered me
more than it did them
maybe it wasn't a big
deal back then
but to me it was, see
what it was was
I had developed the
complex from being judged
Proof spit his verse,
now I'm next, let's see who
I'm in the booth
staring back to see who's mugs
I get a reaction from,
usually the first thumb was from
Proof
and the rest of the
group backed him up
and no one lied to
each other cause none of us had deals
it was real, we just
wanted tickets for that meal

[CHORUS]
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 2]
Ever since my mother
was pregnant
with her second egg
cause she said
that I had a baby sister
who fell out of the window
I was too young to remember
Kansas City projects
I was like 5, 6, and how come
I remember Malcolm,
Isaac, and Boogie
if it was the projects in Missouri?
cause those're my best
friends until Isaac
took my tricycle and
my uncle Todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up getting
jumped and cut in the gut with a
switch and 70-some stitches
which is still, to this day
why my mother still
tries to show me some old fake picture
of a fictitious little
sister who never existed and this is why part of
my life's so twisted
but I can never be as
sick as that bitch is
and, by the way, that
picture's one of my relatives

[CHORUS] 
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 3]
You probably have to
peel back layers upon layers of
pain to see why everything
I say is so insane
what's different about my brain that separates me
from other players in this game? on the surface, it may
seem like a scheme or some sort of scam
for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing
I need is for people
to walk around feeling
sorry for me (me)
and I'm not a G, never
claimed to be
I gave my vest to
Cashis,
he'll need it more than me
but we'll see, cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our
way, what do we, turn the other
cheek? come on

[CHORUS]
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree



Thanks it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me...
But before I go
You know
I can't close the show
Without no closure
So before I leave...

Yeah
I just want to take the time out
to basically say
Rest In Peace
to Deshaun Holton
That's my heart man
Dr Dre
For giving me the oppurtunity
just to even listen to me
to get me to this point
I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine,
Interscope, Aftermath, 
everybody in the whole Shady staff
everybody whose basically supported me from day one
Paul Rosenburg, Tracy Mcnew
You know I love you guys
I couldn't do it all without you
D12
Cashis, your gonna be a beast when you get out there man
trust me homey, my ears don't lie to me
who else am i forgetting
Oh yeah, Obie Trice
Bobby Creekwater, and basically man
the whole city of Detroit
8 mile road for making what I am today
Which basically goes back to proof & D12
I love you guys man
you where there when shit got thick
Oh, it wouldnt be complete, If i didn't
thank my mom, bitch
so

Thanks it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me... 
[fades]



[Just Blaze - Chorus:]
Some people ask me, where Iíve been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
I play in the background, I donít back down
So donít get it twisted, tryna play me
First I come out, they underate me
Then I come back, still try to fade me
They say Iím nasty, say Iím crazy
Ask what I think, I say maybe
I fly away
It ainít nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ainít nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away
I know you wanna see me down but we aint gon die today
Cos Iíve been to the top and thereís nowhere else to go
The only way to see me is if you lookiní up from down below
And thereís nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away
And thereís nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
Iím on top of this thing so i may aswell fly away

[Eminem - Verse 1:]
Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up
Iíma step up on the stage now, Iím gonna strut
And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt
And you aint gotta tell me notiní boy, get off of my nuts
It goes one for the money, two for the show
My shit donít stink, I dont think so
Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll
Are you ready now, here we go
The bald eagle has landed
Iím back in ya hair, sorry for leaviní you stranded
Im twice as dread and evil and rancid
They cant sit, I donít think anybody understands it
Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands, its playdough
I aint got to play though, they say I died in a fatal
Car crash, shows what they know
Shit if I did, itíd be a trailer not a car
The white trash star
I fuckin RV up like Brett Favre
Homie you got it backwards, your dippin your soup inside ya crackers
I can carry rap til my back hurts
Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors
Get my back right
Now Iím right back on you bastards
I was chasiní the dragon, I dont know what happened
It was like the feeliní I had when I first started rappiní
I just couldínt seem to get back and recapture that magic
So I went back to the lab, thats where Iíve been at when...

[Just Blaze - Chorus:]
Some people ask me, where Iíve been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
I play in the background, I donít back down
So donít get it twisted, tryna play me
First I come out, they underate me
Then I come back, still try to fade me
They say Iím nasty, say Iím crazy
Ask what I think, I say maybe
I fly away
It ainít nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ainít nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away

[Eminem - Verse 2:]
I took a hiatus haters now Iím back to cause trouble
Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles
Im the *bang* you aint fuckin sick
The hospital wonít even give you cough drops for course cocksucker
You think your hot, you aint even luke warm
My pubes hotter than you
Your soft I use fire to cool me off
I told em Iíll grow up one day and show ëem Iíd be able to choke clouds
Pick up lighteniní bolts and throw ëem
Take the world by storm with these words I form
Georgie porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for em
Make ëem swarm, make ëem fight over the shirts Iíve worn
Sworn over my sweat towels, its mind blowin
Yes Im liviní the dream homie, cant nothiní compare
Iím so up, Iím stuck in mid air Iím loviní it yeah
Its like these people are steps now, all they do is stare
These haters is so pussy theyíre afraid to be scared
This is pay back, like I owe ëem back pay
They spat in my face, now Iím back to do them the same exact way
And leave this rap game with a bad taste,
And slap it back out, before I step back out of this crap thanks
Slap me now Iím slapping ëem back hey! fuck it weíll slap back
But yeh okay now weíll talk cause Iím smack ay
And I aint looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack
Howís that for hindsight, what the track say?

[Just Blaze - Chorus]



[Verse 1 ó Eminem:]
Itís like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it wonít work
All it takes is one song on the radio youíre right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Donít suppose an explanation Iím owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
Well, Iíve never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'bout to go throughís tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Canít think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind saying: "let it go, fuck this"
Heart's saying: "I will once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"

[Hook ó Sarah Jaffe:]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy

[Verse 2 ó Eminem:]
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew (sic), knit wit
Thought some time had past and I'd forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
May be gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh
And...

[Hook]

[Verse 3 ó Eminem:]
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is fulla' saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potentialñI peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we're in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh God, police!! Ah!!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least
New plan Stan
Slim, "chauvinist pig drove in this big, Lincoln town car!"
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!

[Outro ó Eminem:]
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, Iím stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged
Yeah ëcause Iím talking a lotta shit but Iím backing it all up
But in my head thereís a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished
"I am your lack of a conscience"
Iím the ringing in your ears
Iím the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
Iím your time thatís almost up that you havenít acknowledged
Grab for some water but Iím that pill thatís too jagged to swallow
Iím the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult, batter
but the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
ëCause Marshall Mathers the rapperís personaís half a faÁade and
Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til itís gone
ëCause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them,
I'm the hindsight to say, ìI told you so!î
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you donít stop after they call you
Biggest laughing stock of rap who canít call it quits
When itís time to walk away
Iím every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact then don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time, Iím back
Before it fades into black and itís all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathersí left off



[Teller:]
(Don't kill me)

[Eminem:]
Hurry the fuck up!
[Shot]
Thank you!
[Eminem running]
Go, go, go (what the f... uck?)
What the fuck are you doing?
Mothafucker bail on me? Fuck you!
[Car stop working]
Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Shit!
Get off
[Shot the dog]
(Haha)
[Wheezing]
The parking lot
Shit, ah!

[Officer:]
(Let me see your hands, prank's over)

[Eminem:]
Fuck it!
[Shoots himself]



[Verse 1:]
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one
My mother reproduced like the Komodo Dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Your music usually has them)
(But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't)
(Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan)
A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on, (oh..)
Its on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote I write small
(It says) Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to DIE HARD
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch

[Hook:]
But sometimes, when Iím sleeping, she comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine? Donít got, I donít care, donít have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand, to promise land, and threaten everyone
'Cause thereís no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
Nah, (What's your name?) Marshall
(Whoís your daddy?) I donít know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Ha ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)
NO

[Verse 2:]
If he had, he wouldnít have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldnít be so mad, my attitude wouldnít be so bad, yeah, dad
I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens, to be rapping
Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, Iím in the style department
With a pile in my cart, ripping the aisle apart
With great power comes absolutely no responsibility, for content
Completely, despondent, and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat killing spree, your honor, I must plead
Guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution
Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level, boost it
But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
(Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you, hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch
'Cause it's theÖ

[Hook]
It's the time of the season, when hate runs high
And this time I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine, with pleasured hands
And torture everyone, that is my plan, my job here isn't done
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
(Whats your name?) Shady
(Whoís your daddy?) I donít give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)

[Verse 3:]
So yeah dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of life
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical, I chuckle
'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckle heads
The sign on my hustle says "Don't knock"
The doors broken, it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold-cocked
You critics come pay to me a visit
Misery loves company, please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
So spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion 'til I'm passed out
Completely brain dead Rainman
Doing the Bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch, shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than
All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah
Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there
I still am a CRIMINAL
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my GENITALS
The last Mathers LP done went diamond
This time I'm predicting this one will go EMERALD
When will the madness end, how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to send
Is "Dad, I'm back at it again."
Bitch (who's your daddy?)



You fucking groupie, pick up the goddamn phone.

[Verse 1:]
Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday, with who you say
I wasn't at the studio bitch, what'cha do screw Dre?
You went there looking for me? Boo that excuse is to lame
Keep playin' me, you gon' end up with a huge goose egg
You fake lyin' slut you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? you wanna lose two legs?
You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you, you say
Ok, yeah and I'm coo-coo, ay?
Well screw you and I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth- Dre, Drake, Lupe oohm touche
Well you're too two-faced for me thought you was my number one true blue ace
But you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hangin' up this phone, boo you make my fuckin' blue tooth ache
You feelin' blue, too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

[Chorus:]
My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

[Verse 2:]
Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway, tryin' to get some time alone and just think
Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoe's, with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch is such a 'broad' statement and I'm
Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on
'Cause a woman broke my he-art I say he-art
'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts and threw it in the garbage
Who you think you a-are bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L word again
I lo-lo-lo-lo lesbian
Aaahhh I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just

[Chorus]

[Bridge:]
'Cause you told me you'd love me forever bitch that was a lie
Now I never wanted someone to die so bad in my fuckin' life
But fuck it there's other fish in the sea

[Verse 3:]
And I'm a have a whale of a time being a single sailor
For the night, bitch on a scale a
One to ten shit I must be the holy grail of
Catches hoe I got an Oscar attached to my fuckin' name (dayla)
I might hit the club find a chick that's tailor
Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back git hammered and nail her
These bitches tryin' get attached but there failin' to latch onto the tail of
My bumper they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched, yeah I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swingin' at these chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's 'foul' but my dicks on 'strike'
So all that love shit is null and void, bitch I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid stupid wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed
Oye, yoy-yoy
Man oh, man your boy-boy-boy's
Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink oink oink
You fuckin' pigs all you're good for is doink doink doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
Have a heart attack and just
Drop dead and I'm a throw a fuckin' party after this
'Cause, yes...

[Chorus]

I'm just playin' bitch, you know I love you



Yeah.

[Hook: Liz Rodrigues]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Verse 1:]
Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fucking acronym
Cut the fucking act like you're happy, I'm fucking back again
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over ñ enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivate at it
Wait is up, hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie
Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos
I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt cause

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don't make the cut
What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
To the side of a pump, 0 to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh might've mistook
Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt!
Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
Cause I'm a fight 'til I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait
Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
It's survival of what?

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
So get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle, I'm mad now jump in the saddle
This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do
Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit!
So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fucking mics in for some tool-box-es
Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe
Cause this is something that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me then fuck you!
Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bullet proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you
I must be allergic to failure cause every time I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then achieve!

[Hook]



Tell me where to go, tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you

[Verse 1:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffing at authority, defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad
So I am non-compliant at home, at school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve them
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker
'Cause he said that I eyeballed him

And if you fall, I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars that are fought
Inside your world
Please have faith in my words

'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 2:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit
Bothers me but not my father, he said Sayonara then split
But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'
They're kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryna escape through my comics,
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic, and my conquest
Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest

This is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 3:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch, I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my

Legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee, it's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy



[Verse 1:]
Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role think I succeeded fulfillin'
But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children
Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked, sold 3 million
Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin'
Like I'm always under attack, man, I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin'
Women dishin' but really
Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many
People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rear-end
That's why every time you mention a lyric
I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it
'Cause it gave me an enormous platform, I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it
Mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed atta-boy
They told me to slow down, I'd just zone-out
Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde, it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out
'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now
Because everybody knows

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
Everybody knows, that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people want to go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide, you are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows
Thanks for the support, asshole [2x]

[Verse 2:]
Quit actin' salty, I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history, well God damn honky that compliment's like back-handin' a donkey, good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Nah, I'm off him, but what the fuck's all this trash talking about?
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down
I went down for the count, I fell but the fans caught me and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt
Word to Pacquiao, mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about
Better go in that ring and knock 'em out, or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin'
Shake-speare, so what if insults are revoltin'
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled, but you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess,
gotta have a goddamn vest
on your chest
and a Glock just to go watch Batman
Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man
Half you don't got the guts, intestinal blockage, rest of you got lap bands
Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those
Water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole, better pack toilet paper
But I'm takin' no crap hoe, here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go, tryin' to dip out the back door retreating
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl
Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?"
'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable,
hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical
I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable
It's tragical, thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical
You crackin' a joke? It's laughable
'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault, so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded
Full body armor bitch, you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special, you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a trainwreck, I got a one-track mind and, shorty, you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er
'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner
Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent
'Cause all of my spare time's spent
On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters, but sometimes I rhyme
And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther, so, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up, so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time
It ain't never gonna stop, a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive
Poured my half-empty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over
And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster
I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky and
Can't knock bein' Rudolph, so fear not my deer
And dry up your tear drops I'm here
White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too, shouldn't be a shock be
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus]



[Verse 1:]
Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-ag
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bitch, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

[Bridge:]
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berserk) all night long

[Hook:]
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berserk), shake your body

[Verse 2:]
Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khaki's pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's banging, jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree, 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, Baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowing up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowing it down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
Least I know that I don't know
Question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so, now hoe...

[Bridge]

[Hook II:]
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berserk) shake your body

[Scratch]

[Verse 3:]
And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in Styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough Codeine to knock future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am trying to find a way to get you a-loan (car note)
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shit head with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangols and car-heart-less cargos
Girl you're fixing to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick? word man you heard, but don't get discouraged girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

[Bridge + Hook + Hook II]



[Intro:]
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You were just what the doctor ordered

[Chorus:]
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot

[Verse 1:]
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinski feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity-rap
Packing a mack in the back of the Ac
backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
and at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a Maxi-Pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah

[Chorus:]
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

[Verse 2:]
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid
and did nothing but shoot for the moon since (PPEEYOOM)
MC's get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bus the rhyme'
Now I lead a New School full of students
Me? Me, I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N-W-A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and being in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering
And take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Git out my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
of keeping up with the same pace looking boy, 'cause

[Chorus:]
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

[Verse 3:]
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from the Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabulous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he play piano
Man, oh man, that was the 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricochet in off a me and it'll glue to you
And I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice,
your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-and-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys
"Still chunky, but funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?



[Intro:]
Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem...
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper... Eminem
Who can say fore sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science can operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society will reap a great benefit

[Verse 1:]
I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting' pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...

[Chorus:]
If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'm a prove you wrong
Mama, I'm a grow one day to be famous and I'm a be a pain in the anus
I'm a be the bomb
I'm a use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaness
Mama always said, son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless

[Verse 2:]
Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be up beat, when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama
These damn rhymes are failin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more self assured then I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but domes off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause mama always said...

[Chorus]

[Bridge:]
Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on he bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top
(Oh-oh-oo-oh)

[Verse 3:]
I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice ya'II, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs, freak the hell out middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate, so be it I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfukin, difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's ok to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "insert insult here"
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain't



[Verse 1]
You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
And I believe
Iím shot in the lungs, I gasp, I canít breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
Snatch the keys from your hand
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

[Hook]
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
Cause I'm stronger than I was

[Verse 2]
A beautiful face is all that you have
Cause on the inside you're ugly, and mad
But you're all that I love
I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please

And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
but you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide,
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike, too, should've
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you could've
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer
Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And the life we could've had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chump-ions
I'm done being your punching bag

It was November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on a calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you (uh) cause you made me (uh) a better person than I was
But I hate you (uh) cause you drained me (uh)
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me (uh), you're crazy (uh)
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I may be
I may never trust someone

[Hook]



[Hook - Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me
For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see, but it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Hit the lottery, oh wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winning a used mink
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think
'Cause I'm

[Hook - Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders.
No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.)
Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo
I think it went wandering off down yonder
And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD's conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the

[Hook - Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Verse 3 - Eminem:]
Call me crazy but I have this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
MC's, blood get spilled and I'll
Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the

[Hook - Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
[2x]

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing



I own a mansion but live in a house
A king size bed but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mister Bright Side, glass is half-full
But my tanks half-empty, gasket just blew

[Verse 1:]
This always happens
Thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin, only option I have's McDonalds' bathroom
In a public stall droppin' a football so every time someone walks in the John I get Maddened
"Shady what up", what? come on man I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin
Oh, that's odd I just happened
To run out of tissue, yeah hand me that on second though I'd be glad then
"Thanks dog, names Todd a big fan" I
Wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad threw it back and
Told 'im "Todd, you're the shit" when's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub harassin'
I'd count my blessings but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask, suffering succotash, but the ant-
Acid it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes, so what hoe kiss my country bumpkin ass
Missouri southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper, Tupperware in the cupboard plastic ware up the ass
Stuck in the past iPod what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core mule I'm as stubborn as

[Chorus:]
Maybe that's why It feels so strange
Got it all but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And, life's been good to me so far...

[Verse 2:]
They call me classless I heard that, I second and third that, don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned forty and still sag, teenagers act more fuckin' mature jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms ass
Hole I'm goin berserk, my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people look at her, dag
Her. nylons are ran, her skirts snagged and I heard she drag races [burp] swag
Tuck in my Haynes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (yeah) word skag
We'd be the perfect match, cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies, no disrespect to technology, but what the heck's all of these buttons you expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do ta hear this new song from Luda, be an expert at
Computers? I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica hell with
Playstation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo bitch! run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti put it on bread make a sandwich with Welch's
And belch, they say this spray butter's bad for my health, but
I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford and welfare, mentality helps ta
Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth
I managed to dwell within these parameters still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt a
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, God damn it to hell I
Can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell the
Other day someone got all elaborate and stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma's catching up with me

[Chorus]

[Bridge:]
Got friends on Facebook, all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up but the frame is all cracked

[Verse 3:]
I'm tryin' ta be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce, hunched over, giant nose bleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle, by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova the shows over, I'm hidin' in Kroger's buyin' groceries
He just had front row seats told me, sign his poster then insults me
"Wow up close didn't know you had crows feet!"
I'm at a crossroads, lost, still shopping at Costco's
Sloppy joe's bulk waffles
Got caught pickin' my nose (aaghh!) look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em, stuck at the light the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change, it's stuck these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in, chucklin'
Couldn't do nothin' play it off "what you bumpin'?" "Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better", fuckin' bitch
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with a
Nother one after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' Recovery if I fumble it?
Cause I'm a drop the ball if I don't get a grip, hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision
To fuck with bitch, quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids I love my city
But you pushed me to the limit what a pity
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky, and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out
But bitch, I got an elevator in my house, ants and a mouse
I'm livin' the dream

[Chorus]



[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Something's burnin' I can't figure out what
(Out what) it's either lust, or a cloud of dust, judgment is clouded must
Just be the powder from the power of
(Love) but I'm in somethin' I don't know how ta get outta
Left my girl in the house alone, is that my 'soon to be spouse's' moan and the further I walk the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard, 'cause after all this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt I
Think I might be about ta busta, bust her, the thought's scary yo, though and it hurts-brace
Hope it ain't "here we go, yo" 'cause my head already goes to worst case scenario, though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though, should of known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date, could of made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face
First "no [slurp] you don't [slurp] under [slurp] stand [slurp] I [slurp] don't [hic] do [slurp] this for anyone ever" - yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw, used to be my fiance, till you sucked on Wayne, Andre and Kanye, Labron, Akon, Jay, Lil' Jon, Raekwon, Mase, Polow da Don, Dre
Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-God dang Jigga on, eh?
'Cause your name I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'
The game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

[Chorus:]
She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more, I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me, like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna, I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna, I don't care
I told that bitch

[Verse 2 - Kendrick:]
I'm a sucker for love you, a sucker for dick
Suckih' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck unda' the water he drowned, like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya'
'Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone'
And Kendrick don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels ya little fuckin' ferris wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me, fuck ya think we're gonna get married still?
Fucking Mary had a little lamb this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy God mama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day... ' bitch you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a cesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' 'im
His mouth piece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it? what about if I was as famous
As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singin' "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile ya chasing her"
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her, pity the fool and pity the fool in me I'm a live with the
Game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Eminem:]
So needless to say, I'm feelin' betrayed, snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off 'Wee-Bey' from the Wire's dick now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliche, it's all my fault anyway she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a deejay, each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display, is symptomatic of attack behave
Ior, back together, but forgot today was her B-Day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes, that's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brake line, stepped on them fuckers eight times, still goin' 73 thank
God there's an exit comin' up, what the mother F-U-cock's
Wrong with her, hit the off-ramp, 'til I coasted to a God damn halt, hit a fucking tree now here she comes at full speed she's racing at me, OK, you wanna fuck with me 'eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window she's screamin' I body slam her on the cement until the concrete gave
And created a sink hole, buried the stink hoe in it, then paid to have the street repaved
Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray, durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it I'm checkin' into rehab
I confess I'm a static addict I guess
That's why I'm so clingy every girl I've ever had either says
I got too much baggage or I'm too fuckin' dramatic, man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just
A fuckin' romantic, I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch! combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said "hit the road", then after she left I sent that bitch a text
That said "be careful driving don't read this and have an accident! ", she glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad, thought we had a connect- no sense dwelling makes
Never been a more compelling case, than the model covered in L'oreal and Mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories, for story telling, while the whore was yelling rape
Till her vocal chords were swelling and her voice was more horser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates
Of my fancy estates to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Less your Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though you're late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly cause of the game of
[Phone ring] wait, "dinner at eight?"
I have infinite hate in my blood
And it's mainly cause of the game of love

[Outro:]
Love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love



[Verse 1: Nate Ruess]
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up?
And, Mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah.

[Hook: Nate Ruess]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I went in headfirst
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are
Did I take it too far?
"Cleaning Out My Closet" and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you 'cause, Ma,
You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb equivalent to Chemical warfare
And forever we can drag this on and on
But, agree to disagree
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (little prick just leave)
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close (nope)
Further away it drove us, but together headlights shine, a car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old,
And that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand babies grow
But I'm sorry, Mama, for "Cleaning Out My Closet", at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though,
'cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own,
But now the medications taken over
And your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you, Debbie Mathers, oh, what a tangled web we have,
'cause one thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me? That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me
As we pulled off to go our separate paths,
And I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest,
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar
'Cause you're my Ma

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Nate Ruess]
I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight (yeah)
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well, just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say, "Goodbye, cruel world."
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

[Hook]

I want a new life



[Intro:]
Yeah, trying to figure out the difference
But I think.. I think the lines are starting to get blurry

[Verse 1:]
I'm in a strange place
I feel like Mace when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face
I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints
I just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battle sucka-duck, crawl out the back, its a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut, but you forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)
Oh my bad, slut
And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp, how much that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you're sexy motherfucker
You're so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you "au jus"
'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you."
I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic K-mart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
(rape your mother, kill your parents)

And these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that"
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
(ha ha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

[Hook:]
Thereís darkness closing in (evil twin)
There it goes again (my evil twin),
It controls my pen (my evil twin),
But that ainít me, itís my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)
But heís just a friend (evil twin),
Who pops up now and again (again)
So donít blame me (evil twin)
Blame him, itís my evil twin

[Interlude:]
Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

[Verse 2:]
So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3ís
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bed-ridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heather Ledger
My suicide notes, barely legible read the
Bottom, it's signed by The Joker
Lorraine said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers
I'd ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off trying to mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally I bet he registered Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definitely my destiny
When on the steps I met Deshaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping, I made them stop snorin'
Made them break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip hop in its tip top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming "fuck the police" like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped coin
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants to plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin)
Please come in, what was your name again?
Hi, faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's just small up there
Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the loony police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someoneíd finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho, hey ho
I sound like I'm trying to sing the fucking chorus to hip hop hooray
No, I'm hollering, you got bottom in like an 8-0-8
And a base whether we're fucking of that instead of your face, so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho?
Slow dancing in the bowling
You trying to hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me
Hoe, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit is dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'Cause we are the same, bitch



[Baby crying]

[Verse 1]
One thousand different houses and Munchhausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some fuckin' one "ouch"
What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream life as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown, black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life, like take this
Now get your ass back in that game, bitch
Don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit, give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and mighty Thor
I Everlast, pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your pride is all you're fighting for
So you fight, scratch, you claw
Back's to wall
No one was there to catch you fall
You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and
Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your pants, for whooping ass and flash it on em'
Nobodies gonna back you in the corner
You're a hornet
No one's more ig-norant then you fuckin' four in the morning you're at the laboratory, storming
Like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning, you're in for it
Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face?
I ain't finished bitch
I meant in half, oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But

[Hook:]
Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

[Verse 2]
What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and big daddy kane
Break, beats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter brain
Yeah maybe that explains
Why you're back but don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
Because your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner (chooka)
Sugar ray Leonard wouldn't sugar coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
hope it lands on another rap singers lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit
Who's king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip
On each hand whilst extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower than Chuck D ho
Hear the bass of this in my voice
Rocky's back, where's my Adrian?
Nobodies crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots of rap
Not a man, I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an appe-tite
For destruction, the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat cos' I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evil its past it
Even you asking for me to be
po-lite to people
Is like me having my teeth pulled

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
So step inside of dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like the inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded that if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictio-nary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it, let's get to the meat balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edgamacater, they are
Shit legends are made of
Spit treacherous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretched is
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
And combine em' with Method Man and Redman
With meth-amphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
And pajamas, standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head, til Russell let's him off deaf jam
Maybe I need my head examined
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge
T.I ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart, ah nah
More like a smart slob, part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp ob-ject
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Wal-Mart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging
There's nothing on this fucking earth better than being
The king of the playground
I hate the swings but I love being an underdog
Cos when I'm pushed
I end up swinging up



[Verse 1:]
Girl, you give me writer's block
I'm at a loss for words, uhh
My mind's as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours
How much that cost? That's what I call the cost to splurge
You drive me bonkers, Iím about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first
Date cause I think I gave you power, when I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs
Probably should've never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should've been one of the first signs to cause alert
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I just can't be apart from her
Cause nobody's body's awesomer, I lust it and she loves me
Cause I'm popular, but you know this ain't love

[Hook - Jamie N Commons:]
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love (What is it then?)
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her)
(And I here I go again)

[Verse 2:]
You were obviously oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you
Till I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery, ah
Cause now you see nothing but me, and I don't see nothing but you
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each other's hips and we can't
Do anything individually, which is to cling on, scared to be alone
Can't, specifically describe it I just can't seem to give a reason
This definitive, just need you, talking bout I live and breathe you
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically
Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you
Don't wanna be with you neither, bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek
Cause this ain't love

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else
"What the fuck you whispering for?
You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the
Games behind your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
I think you need to finish developing a little more mentally too"
Get the picture
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up
To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You were using me for loot like I used you for looks
Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah
Toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this, I'm leaving you, I'm not coming back
She said, "The fuck with that, where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fucking bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right
When she came up with a kick to the nuts twice, steel toe
Girl probably coulda put a 100-yard field goal through the uprights

[Hook]



[Intro:]
What is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare

[Verse 1:]
I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
Till one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri from Michigan didn't work
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom please stick to a decision
Discipline, last thing I wanna' do is listen she's like
Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are kryptonite
So the walls and I done lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind, Superman
Cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though
I could turn into invisible kid
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
Music into the picture and it became my new religion
"I remember it clearly, even today."
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Ned
Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping
Through the radio stations one day
And discovered this DJ who was mixing
I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the wizard
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing
For shoes, fuck them stupid pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition troops
You get the new LL Cool J cooling system
Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover and somehow I saw my future is in this
That's how I knew my mission
Little boom box boomin', spitting
Practicing numerous rhythms
When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come true for wishin'
I remember Proof would visit
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go coocoo ballistic
Go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit
Never quit, too persistent
"We are a rap empire"

[Verse 2:]
Started a group of misfits
Proof had a proposition
If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position
If you got dissed at the shop cause if they caught you slippin'
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again
They tried ding-dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock
Cut off his oxygen Slim snot gourgin
Cock sucking cynder block in the wind
Now I got my pot to piss in
Spot in that top position
Copping over the opposition
Looking like a dog that's pissing
Leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in
Ali's my colleague bombing them
Probably end up on top of them
Stomping them like Ndamukong
I'm rushing like a Urkanian Ladanian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face
Competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place to battle
Bitch I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your poop birds?
Ooh, no more tripping in bird shit, songs of self empowerment surgeon
Words of encouragement but this discouraging the rappers
The rap games God, but the name's not James Todd?, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift
Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells since yours ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first is
And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this beast? to get served
Blood thirst, Revenge of the Nerds
Chickit

"And it's true you shall not escape my vengeance."

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
Word to Uncle Ron
I'm turning into a non-humble Don
You blonde dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on
So stop the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
Better back away from the front row, get gone
Chomp your arm?
Bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo
I'm the fucking jumbo tron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna crumble, you bambacluts
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yawn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres, and ate the vet
Who's just to make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook looks smoke cooked
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot
Charred debris floating
Like oak wood was burning
Return of the no good
And I won't quit

[Interlude]
"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
Something that made Godzilla look like a plane."

And I don't quit, won't change,
It's like a groundhog's day
So grab a hand ya'll cause you may see if I popped your head

"I'm a heartless monster"
Turn me into
"I'm a heartless monster"
"With my dick in your mouth all day"

I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came
But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing



[Intro:]
I can feel the heat rising, everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside
(Lookin' out, cause)

[Hook - Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Verse 1:]
Yesterday was the tornado warning
Today's like the morning after
Your world is torn in half
You wake in it's wake to start the mourning process
And rebuilding, you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter
It's like an enormous asth-ma
Thunderstorm has passed ya
You weathered it and poked it's eye out
With the thorn bush that you
Used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is, stuffed
So focused on the bright side
Then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast the more asserted
Never looking back
May hit the curb
But every day is a new learning curve as you
Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve
But you have to
To avert a disaster
Lucky no permanent damage
Cause they hurt you so bad
It's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past, standing in the inferno and chant

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died
Cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive
Which means you will survive
Although today you may weep cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and hopeless
The light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in
That's the only thing keepin'
You from leapin' off the mothafreakin' deep end
And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow
You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after
All the shit you been put through this feeling of resilience is building
And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in but you're fireproof, flame retardant, you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin' you look down
Cause you're so over 'em
You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

[Bridge:]
As time passes
Things change every day
But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remain the same
But tomorrow today's going down in flames
Throw the match, set the past ablaze

[Verse 3:]
So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire
From the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream

[Hook]

[Bridge - Sia:]
I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
I have learned, from fighting fights, that weren't mine
Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly

[Hook]



[Hook - X Ambassadors:]
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from
When you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitchís hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up
Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still canít tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I, still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot
But by the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you like an ultra violet ray
Iím selling hatred buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
Iím throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme Iím spittin' while Iím shittin' on competition
In the meantime itís always mean time

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
Iíve been a career asshole
I donít see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
Iím coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong, the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
Cause that cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestionís Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am, don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches
Cry til you get puffy eyes, red faced
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole, sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space
Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds, I peed my bed
I'm going blind, I don't see my legs
I keep on falling down, no wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane
Someone help me, I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind, you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a (like a) fucking (fucking)
Echo (echo)... (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I`m outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes - dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
Coz I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go

[Hook]

[Outro - Eminem & Ken Kaniff:]
Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
[Bathroom door opening, someone walks in]
Shit...
[Sounds of pissing and crapping]
Is that a girl?
[Ken Kaniff singing:]
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show
- Why do I know that voice?
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
[Doors slam, screaming]
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
[Loud crapping noise]
Blow it out your ass



[Verse 1]
Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest
Pencil is full of insolent bullets
I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott'
Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken
I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented
Demonic sinister, ever since the the Doc replenished me
The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit
So to not see him with me would be a shocking image
And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is
Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it
And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics
Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish
Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? Nope
But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this
And put emphasis on the "dope," so when names come up
In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it
And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow
You won't find anywhere, where it fires and I unload my pen explodes
'til there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time
Let insults fly even sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it
In school I was so shy, timid
Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member
Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors cause they were new
St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted
But kissed them old days, adios, I did it
They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic
Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument
Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front

[Hook: Buckshot]
Don't front, you know I got you open, kid

[Verse 2]
Rest in piece to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me
Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me
I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete
I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet
I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne
Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in the zone
I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me
No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat
From beef, beep-beep, follow trends or wallow in defeat
I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appetit
Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat
Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine
It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown
Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show-
-case with Denaun screaming "Who the fuck passed you the mic?"
Never asked you like my shit from the get
I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch
You had you a nice run, now take a hike
I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first
Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers
The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking
Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not?
You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot
Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down
Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud
They jerked me around so what's up now?
Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like
Rubbing it and holding some grudge now, but don't front

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write
Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe
But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak
I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe
It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight
Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting
This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once
I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny
My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money
But you dimes won't get a fucking nickle from me
Oh shit, I'm down on one knee
I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey
From boy to man, it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland
I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars
I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band
No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met
Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose
Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show
(But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it)
You can't take it, oh
Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow
But convince me you've heard
An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words
Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve
Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn
It'll be like my skin being Indian burned
Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn?
Never been served if memory serves
I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words

[Outro: Buckshot]
You know I got you open kid, stop fronting
You know I got you open, Word Life



I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog
Night club, shit, I was taught if your CD's on fire
You had to put it out yourself like Highland Park, no fire department
So you might not hear sirens at all
But don't be alarmed if I sound off
Something just ain't right with me, dawg
A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder?
Widely regarded highly, bite me, sweetheart, I'm slightly retarded
But tonight I'm starting shit, I'm feeling self righteous
I might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit
Looking to box with anybody, disorderly conduct
I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
Fan of the LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock
Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet
Panic attack cause I'm claustrophobic
No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver from movement
Cause I have no room for improvement
I'm practically squashed, unpacked it and boxed it
Toxic, hands are arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content
Bar exam, start of insanity
Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson
Animal snarls, cannibal jaws
Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter
Looking scamp as Hannibal stalking
Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets
Black out, Zach Galifianakis, gallons of Vodka
But that gal has some knockers
I bet you they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious
What happened, doc? I passed out again
Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
Stole a Magnum box and bag Cirocs in back of a Datsun
Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics
Too close to the StairMaster
Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover
No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it
Air Max in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich
And the cross stitching is a cross mixing
Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin
Fin Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches
Swatch watches and sneakers matches with the Parkers
But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym
With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers
And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted
Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious
Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils?
Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall
Iíll stand there and yell that at a wall
Until the mannequin doll scatter and the inanimate objects
That I'm battering all shatter and fall
Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped
I'mma spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell
But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all could get jumped
And I'd catch the battery charge, but
I got a hunch like your back when it's arching
When I start attacking your squadron
You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging
So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you
Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers
So get the sack of Wisconsin
That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding?
You faggots are all gonna do my bidding
Don't get dragged to the auction
Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all
I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this
Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass
See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave
In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping
Affable guy next door is laughable
My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms
That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
No emotion hence I guess this sick prick dies hard
I got a Magic Johnson
It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out
Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me
I'll laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
And all I see is Paulie Malign now, she's slaughterhouse in a blouse
And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am misogynist
I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony
Just so happens she's fond of algae
Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete
Complete lack of responsibility
Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy
Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now
Five-finger discount
Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy
Kidnapping your mom cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery
Ransom for JonBenÈt Ramsey, Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit
("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde
I might relapse, get on some bullshit
Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson
Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth
And have some back and forths
And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse
And perform "Fack" in concert
["Fack" plays]
Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album
Now that was awesome
It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like
(I'll stick around)
And put up with my crap so long for
What's the attraction, mama?
Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre
Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama?
Who knows at this point, it's always poking so meh
Still get along with this voice cause that's the monster
So do-si-do with a sociopath, everyone who knows me knows that
What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio, meh
She loves the way I lie
Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole
That my disguise is pants, but they on fire
So am I-a, wooh, Cappadonna, cut the track off (fart sound)
Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking
I'm wrapping up all the presents
In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em
Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off
Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
Blowing the head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond
Put the basket back while the bath salt packets are gone, I
Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier
But classic rock acid rap is the genre
Got Slash on guitar, splashing Bizarre, Thrasher and Aerosmith
And I'm a spectacular archer, feed count Dracula Chocula
Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan
Bandwagoners, I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em
Smack Kim Basinger on a ass....



I guess you could consider it poetry, but with me it started out with just words, just words.
They started looking like puzzle pieces so I started connecting them to each other 'til they started to resemble blank canvases.
By this time I was an artist so I just started to see these pictures, these real visuals, psychopathical killer

(I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer
I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer
A psychopath, I'm a killer
A psychopath, I'm a killer)

Feelin' it in the air, hanging in the night
Staring at the full moon
Did you ever think we would come to find?
Maybe in my dreams

I'm a psychopath, I'm never keepin' it plain
Lyrical murder is somethin' I've been about
Ever since I was a little kid, doodlin' in the class
Drew a picture of my teacher, bullet in his head, ruler in his ass
With a toilet in front of him, throwin' up, pissed off
Prolly symbolic of this thought, sick tot
To my inner enemy in a rush
I'm havin' nightmares of leavin' behind my dreams
With anything less than a full bank
It's like I'm General Hong, and I'm standin' in front of a gun
I'm puttin' myself in the way of a bullet to pull rank
The hood is over my eyes but the wool ain't
Yeah, got the mentality of bein' with a wizard
Every award show, we don't even get considered
How do you sell somethin' that's so lyrical
To a kid that wouldn't know what was hittin' if it hit him?
Now I wanna talk about these niggas from Detroit
Before me and Shady who was thinkin' 'bout Detroit
We put the world onto us so watch how you say "fuck me"
You just might jinx yourself, whoop, your girl gon' do it
Cause I was in 911 in Chicago, 911 at the same time
I had already been grindin' since '97, that's longevity
And if you think you're lyrically better, you better be a killer

(I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer)
You ain't ever see a mothafucka get realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Pull an automatic on anybody sporadic I choose
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Cause ain't nobody iller
Knowing nobody for realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)

This elite drinker, is a ringleader
I'm a deep thinker, I'm a street preacher
With a street sweeper full of heat seekers
In your Jeep speakers I'm a keep ringers
I don't need heaters, I got the meat cleaver
Welcome to the slaughterhouse
Niggas try to tell me I spell too much
Capital S to the laugh to the T-E-R
Ho, U-S-E, now go to hell you fucks, word
Making work disappear quick as magic
Abracadabra, the traffic blacker than Africa
Can you imagine a nigga flipping bread for the blood?
Money like Dracula, has him a spatula, ask me a question
Am I the best with the flexing?
Fuck yes with the goon talk
I just moonwalk all over the beat then I'm lightin' up the street
CROOKED going Michael Jackson on Thriller
I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer

(I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer)
You ain't ever see a mothafucka get realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Pull an automatic on anybody sporadic I choose
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Cause ain't nobody iller
Knowing nobody for realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)

Feelin' it in the air, hanging in the night
Staring at the full moon
Did you ever think we would come to find?
Maybe in my dreams

The thought of retiring
Is makin' me want to set your daughter on fire with a soldering iron
What up mom, applyin' for the rim job, are you hirin'?
I'm hopin' to fill up your opening
Oh but I know I gotta meet a lot of requirements
First I gotta accept you in the lobby and the isle and
You've probably already been with all the slaughter and iron men
No mood to be playin' second fiddle, slob on this violin
With no strings attached
I'm just the product of a hostile environment
But bein' brought up so brought up inspired
But I don't know why, it's still like I'm caught up inside a whirlpool
Not an appliance, but applyin' this science, I psychotically rhyme
And it's like stars have aligned all in alliance
Heart of a lion, balls of Goliath
Obscene talkin', the twine like a bean's talkin' and buyin'
But I keep walkin' the line between the wrong and the right
But everything I write seems wrong and it's like
I'm ecstatic at all the static that I can still cause
In the fabric of our modern society
Now Catholics are panicking cause I snapped back to my old antics and shenanigans
Dammit the pope's mad again
Probably shouldn't have ran up in the Vatican with that mannequin
Singin' "Bagpipes from Baghdad" again
In my dad's drag draggin' a faggot in, a glad bag
Won't be the last time I make a dramatic entrance, like that again
You thought I was lyin' when I said I think that I'm crossin' the line again?
I've lost my mind, caution oh God I think I've thought of another fucking line
Forgive me father, for I have sinned
But hip hop has left me brainwashed with a violent streak
Defiant, now the odds of me tryin' to fuckin' be quiet
Probably gotta be 'bout as high as the Jolly Green Giant
After he's fallen in pollen next to a killer bee hive colony tryin' to sneak by it
While his feet stomp follow me while I revive rap
I'm a start up a rioting, try to stop it or silence it
You're not gonna, might as well just hit the block in your joggin' attire in
Boston, across the marathon finish line and I
Put your thoughts against mine
Cause the arsenal I have'll scar you for life, worse than Dzhokhar
And I have a bomb, pliers and barbed wire
Your bars are like Barney Fife with a fucking swiss army knife
A saberless Darth Vader with arthritis at a bar fight
With the Dark Knight on a dark night with his arms tied up
I'm Dahmer-like when I'm on the mic, I'm not gonna lie
Perform like I'm gonna die at the end of a song so it's hard for the rhyme to end
Like fuck 'em all and just ride
Like I'm locked up inside a shot up Bonnie and Clyde car
Uncle Ronnie is driving, 'bout to burst in through the side door
Of Arkham Asylum and park in the dining room

(I'm a psychopath, I'm a killer)
You ain't ever see a mothafucka get realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Pull an automatic on anybody sporadic I choose
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)
Cause ain't nobody iller
Knowing nobody for realer
(A psychopath, I'm a killer)



[Eminem:]
Roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone
This bed's empty without you
You said you're moving on
But I'm having some trouble getting there
But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere
Fuckin' Valentine's Day
Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere
Machete on the floor I smashed up every mirror
Yeah, how do I look?
You fuckin' just let me here to, die didn't you?
Why didn't you respond yet?
I've written you five or six different times and
I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apolo-gizing to you
I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through
This couldn't be true, we can't be over
So violets are blue, roses are red
Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you?

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone

[Eminem:]
Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back
Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you
So I'm findin' something the matter with them
Excuse to not see anyone
Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol
I get bowled like bowling balls
No balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say
Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman
I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak
It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains
Like birthday cake candles
Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake
Can't escape the madness
Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song
But I can't even change the station
The same one's playin' on eight channels
I lay awake in shambles I'm startin to hallucinate
I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes
In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone

Give me one more, bottle for the pain
Give me one more for the memories
Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak
It'll help alleviate
It'll soothe this ache
Of trying to fake
That she's really, she's really coming back

[Eminem:]
And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how
Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love
I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of it
And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent
And how I'll never hold you again
Ain't shit I can do about it
Now my head is overcrowded
With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it
And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably
Knowing what you done did to me, huh?
Did it even occur to you that I loved you?
Completely, deep and madly, head over heels for you
Was you and me, once used to be together forever
It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream
We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much
When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone



[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Got a shitty grin, bitch show me them itty-bitty titties again
We're in Sin City, since when did we begin to get addicted to dope
Diggity, bitch, you need to run and go get your friggidy-friends
I'm looking at your bum-stickidy-bum hun
The migidy mac's, bigidy back
Don't act wigidy-wack, you can get the figidy-finger, the middle
You little dizzy bitch, sit spiggidy spin
Got a 6 o' clock craving, stop get Ciroc
It's about to be an unbelievable night
I call it surreal, Sir Mix a Lot tape in
Hit the spot, spot my next victim up
Picky like I missed a spot shaving
Came to sip vodka, shit yeah, that little chick is hot but if she got rabies
I wouldn't give the bitch a shot, I poke her in the rear
But I bet if I lick her, she'll try to chase me (Haha)
What are you pit, rott, mixed oh, you just got fixed well shit then let's lip-lock
If not then trick piss off you snobby little pig snot nose
You think you're hot shit cause you're in heat
Well, bitch, if you're solar
Then I'm your polar opposite dog cause I'm colder than popsicle sticks, poppin' shit
Talkin' it, walkin' it, spit rocks
Then my sick thoughts are about to lick shots
Like this shit's hopping, and drip-dropping in chocolate-ly whip-topping
So whether you're Hip Hop, Slipknot, Big, Pac
Kid Rock, Kris Kross, Rick Ross, you'll dig this
If not then kick rocks in flip flops
And I produced the track
So you don't have to ask who it is when this shit knocks (TURN UP!)
So bring clairvoyance to this bangin and I'm a keep on saying
All the shit I should be hung for, and probably killed for saying
And I probably will, but not until the day I pop a pill again
Like chopping 'til I'm dropping, still if that don't do the job of killing Shady, then the karma will, insane him
I'm as brainy Mohammad until the Parkinson's done eat away my brain
And made me Robin Williams crazy
Or I end up with dementia, but you rocking with a sadist
So you can say this, but if the thought is entertaining
I ain't stopping to explain it
Oh my God, for real man, not again I'm shaking
But before I tie a rope around this nob
If they don't like it, got a knob they can slob on until it's-
Wait I just forgot what I was thinking...
What's it called again? I'm blanking
Something about the balls between my legs and I think I can feel it dangling, it's throbbing and it's veiny
Wait I think I got it, okay bitch I got you, Robin Williams hanging
Let's Go hang in the lobby unless you came to slob me
Come on kemosabe
It's past time, like your favorite hobby
Cause if the way that I spit shit remains on my dick then she grab me by the nuts and tried to take my sausage as a hostage
Ain't it obvious? Pretty much a no brainer, or should I say Cobainer?
That she's plain addicted to my dick like Lorena Bobbit
Got a wean her off it, weiner off it like she took my fucking penis, chopped it, and stuck it up between her armpits
And she begun to swing a crumpet knife and paint the carpet, at least that's what her train of thought is
Cause I came, saw, conquered, hit it, quit it, and made up a plane of bonkers
And I always end up giving these bitches some complex
And I don't mean apartment
So spread your feet apart
And let me see you do some yoga stretches, splits
Now grab this Cuisinart
And make me breakfast, bitch, that's a prerequisite
And that's just to get in this bedroom, bitch
Walked up to that Ke$ha chick (what up?)
Said my names Booger, wanna catch a flick?
I'll even let you pick, make her fetch a stick
Bet you if you get this old dog these new tricks
To get familiar with I'll learn extra quick
Kick a pregnant bitch, oops, I guess the shit
Took an unexpected twist like the neck of the freaking exorcist
Bitch, I said that this mask ain't for hockey
Hate Versace, Versace, I got M¸nchhausen by proxy
I'm making you sick, don't pretend you can't hear me
You deaf, girl, I said you was foxy
I'll tell a bitch like Bizarre
Bitch, shut the fuck up and get in my car
And suck my fucking dick while I take a shit
And I think with my dick so come blow my mind
And it tastes like humble pie
So swallow my pride, you're lucky just to follow my ride
If I let you run alongside the Humvee
Unless you're Nicki, grab you by the wrist, let's skeet
So what's it gon' be? Put that shit away Iggy
You gon' blow that rape whistle on me
(Scream!) I love it
'Fore I get lost with the gettin' off
Like this is our exit, now let's hit the highway and try not to get lost
'Till we get to Las Vegas

[Bridge - Eminem:]
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas

[Chorus - Eminem:]
Whatever happens here, stays here
So let's go all the way dear
Til we get to Las Vegas

[Verse 2 - Royce da 5'9:]
Whatever happens in my room, it stays in my room like movie night like cable
Treat every women in my stable like flavors
Looking like she kryptonite and I get weak after like 7 days
In 7 nights in the days Inn it's our Vegas
We roll in circles in packs... we the lifesavers
She got a boyfriend, I got a toy then
I'll bring her with me when I show up to her crib waving
And I ain't tryna be the nice neighbor
I'm so Jay Electronic, I'm cut like I'm all out of razors
And all I got is a gun left with a bayonet on it
Next ho froze and it look like I walked in to a jewelry store
With a about a million dollars with your mama
And sat down n did the ALS challenge, haaaan
I stole that adlib from French, Bad & Evil back at it again
About to get my back tatted again
About to get a pic of a backstabber with an axe in his hand
Sitting on a bike in the sand
If you ain't been through nothing
Then that shouldn't mean nothing to you like lice on a gram
If she current I keep her pussy purring like the pipes on a Lam
Weed got her so chinky eyed
Look like she been getting high on a flight to Japan
I keep my jewelry on while I'm fucking
Sound like I'm shaking up dice in a can
Listen, though this ain't Christmas I make you my ex miss
If this is my passion
I learn to give those who don't appreciate my presence
The gift of my absence
I don't know who you been listening to
Got me fucked up like Pookie in the chicken coop
Bitch, I don't give a two shits
Bitch, get the fuck out of my face
To make a long story short, I don't really gotta stand there
And listen to you while you throw a silly tantrum
Even though I have an affinity for witty banter
Starting to feel like foulplay like Billy Laimbeer
Hold up, she misunderstood me
I said take parvour four
Thought I said the wraith had four doors
I knock a nigga face off
Give him the bottom of the nine like a baseball scoreboard (whatever...)
I leave the club with my tab still open
Won't even get a cab for you and your friend
The only fear I have is of loathing
And I won't even kick in 'till we get to Las Vegas

[Bridge]

[Chorus]



Yo, yo, yo
This your man Royce Da 5'9"
This your dude Crooked I
Man, Jump off Joe Beezy
It's Joell Ortiz

[Hook - Joell Ortiz:]
Ya'll ready, ya'll ready, y'all ready know, Slaughterhouse

[Verse 1 - Joell Ortiz:]
Little niggas get your weight up fuck y'all, pay up
My bars just as slick as my dick and both stay up
Nicer than me, say what? Wait up, straight up
I finish niggas right off the bat like a layup
I seen a lot of come, I seen a lot of go
But y'all know where I'm from, B-R double O
You know the rest pimpin', yeah, I was bred different
Here come pops with the NY bop, you know, the leg limpin'
My ice mug frozen till it's stiff
Grimy nigga, might wanna hold onto your bitch
I got a way with women, I faithfully play with women
Let 'em suck on this bottle and pray that I throw a baby in 'em
I might just throw 'em a gold fronts
Pour up a cup of E & J and light up a dro blunt
I was never soft, never saw me flinchin' when they lettin' off
Never had to retaliate cause I set it off

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9":]
Ya'll know my name, bitch, never change up my language
I'm just a rich nigga from a city that's bankrupt
First we take oath
Then I'm pulling turquoise strings in my Lebron corks In Turks and Caicos
I came from wicked chair fame wearin' short sets
I learned that money can't buy happiness
But I decided I'd rather do all my cryin' in the Corvette
Make a dollar, buy a suit
Have a child, and have 'em follow suit
Wavin' that weatherchange things
Make the winter fall, coming through with everything to lose
Taking everything from you know
Let him finish his fall in his draws
And pray that he land on that minute hand in my Hublot
I'm about that Art Of War gospel
That Basquiat Picasso drawing a roscoe
Using the blood of a usual thug who was told die slow
Your money on me, bet it all, you know I'mma set it off

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Joe Budden:]
Let's skip the small talk and get right to the wealth
Truth is I give a fuck, but it's right to myself
Fuck fame, keep the shit I write to myself
If what I do is therapeutic, man, the slightest shit helps
Made angel dust my freshman year
Gave it a try, cool, little did I knew
Had the wrong meaning of high school
Teachers called him a sociopath and a liar
Fuck them, only went to class for the cyphers
Now I'm gettin' bills for
The same thinking they tried to prescribe pills for
They said I needed a wrench, I'm a loose screw
Vital, suicidal, said I would kill mi amour
Wasn't speakin' in French, said I'd let it off
Never know who or what you might get
Main reason they never want me to set it off
You now dealing with four niggas that's never off
All bets off, so nah, you won't be better off

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - Crooked I:]
Jewish tats arm on my arm like a Semitic boss
Egyptian art hanging, uh, that's my Kemetic cross
Slaughterhouse set it off
Even got bitches wavin' our flag, Betsy Ross
Old school Chevy, the head is off
Decapitated Impala
Heavy lack from the weight of the llama
Still bear arms like a shaven koala
How you thinkin' like a faded neurology student
Is prudent when chasin' a dollar
So never mind, a clever rhyme
I'd rather find a better grind, forever times
Sittin' behind me because I'm ahead of mine
In this era I'm livin' outside of the paradigm
I'm comin' outside with a pair of dimes
Sharon and Caroline
Share a line then they share a 9 inch, never mind
I probably shouldn't even keep going
Cause these rappers keep hoein' with their teeth showing
I set it off

[Hook]

[Interlude]



[Bridge - Eminem:]
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same, old song
Ever since I came a long
From the day the song called "Hi, my Name Is" dropped
Started thinkin' my name was fault
Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the, equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Khan
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog
Gangsta? Nah, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft
And I sound like AZ & Nas, out came the claws
And the fangs been out since then
But up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shitstain I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught
Do I really belong in this game? I pondered
I just wanna' play my part, should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain, the tug-o-war wages on
I don't wanna' seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta' take a loss
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off
Keep pluggin', it's your only outlet
And your only outfit so you know they're gonna' talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah
Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna' say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story
Bet 'cha feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are
When I was afraid ta'

[Hook - Sia:]
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out
Afraid I'd never be found
I don't wanna' go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear (the time is near)
Guts over fear (I shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear

[Bridge - Eminem:]
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
I know what it's like, I was there once, single parents
Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world?
And the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasn't until I put the pain in songs learned who to aim it on
That I made a spark, started to spit hard as shit
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying "I gave a fuck"
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I've caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone?
And the lights go out in that trailer park?
And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows
And I'm frozen cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun
So to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same, old song
But I'd rather make "Not Afraid 2" than make another motherfucking "We Made You", uh
And I don't wanna' seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use that'll make ya' strong
Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt
'Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just havin' to balance my dang self
When on eggshells I was made to walk
But thank you, ma, 'cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania,
So when they empty that stadium
'Least I made it out ta that house and a found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk,
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fuckin' faces off
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone
And to think I was a...

[Hook - Sia:]
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way o-o-out
Afraid I'd never be found
I don't wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear (the time is near)
Guts over fear (I shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Now I got, guts over fear, guts over fear



These donuts are delicious... son of a bitch!
We got a 10-94 on Hines Road, requesting backup.
Repeat, 10-94 on Hines Road heading southbound. I'm in pursuit!

Pick up, pick up, daddy's in the pickup
Got so much bounce the kick drum give me the hiccups
You don't want it with me, sucker, just look up
Beer flyin' in this mothafucka like bird shit
Ran these Mickey Thompsons up on the curb, bitch
Crook as a picture on Sunday
My maniac Slumerican squad mount up around your Hyundai
Chevy's up, we got low lives and bow ties
Up shit's creek, I'll take you for a boat ride
Stick his head in the water, now let him flap his lips
Motormouth, make a wave, yeah, Roll Tide
You're playin' golf in lightning? So am I
Dressed in a tin man suit
Drinkin' a tin can too, that is 110 proof
Man if I only had a heart for you bitches
I'd get down on my knees and help you dig them ditches
But mama only raised Hell
So when you're done diggin' that ditch, bitch, bury yourself
Pass me that Colt 45
I'm partyin' 'til my fuckin' throat sore and dry

[Hook:]
I'm goin' down
Aww man you gotta love it
I'm on my way
Hey mama, all around the town they're sayin'
"He's goin' down, Lord have mercy"
I'm country rich, no budget
Got to get paid
Hey daddy, all around the town they're sayin'
"He's goin' down, Lord have mercy"

You drivin' drunk, better lift your seat up
Cause cops pull us over just to fuckin' meet us
Cause Marshall's a Rap God, damn right
Well, then I guess that makes me Jesus
So turn this water to whiskey
Watch the dirty south go from dirty to filthy
High class only means stoned in school
Joints rolled up bigger than pony stool
Smoke, stains on the roof of the old Regal's brown
So what I got spokes on this bitch, and?
The lift kicks like climbin' into a spaceship
UFO's, unidentified flyin' Oldsmobiles
And mobile homes, amen
I can still smell the kerosene leakin'
I should've seen the signs, I was blowin' up
Either in a trailer home or a pickup
Hey, Bubba, your baby boy is in big trouble
I fuckin' ran through a briar patch and got cut up
Now I'm wide open in front of the whole town
I bled for the game, I guess it's obvious now
I'm goin' down now, he told me wear it with pride
You wanna take the hard road you gotta cherish the ride
Most mothafuckers won't jump to embarrass the fly
Can't build a legacy up, then let it perish and die

[Hook]



Uh, I feel no pain
Uh, I've got my mask on
Uh, I'm numb to the world

[Hook - Mr. Porter:]
The devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
Head on collision, I'm tryna avoid the crash - (Pain)
I'm running from my past - (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
These blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
You don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash - (Pain)
I'm running from my past - (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask

[Verse 1 - Mr. Porter:]
Hope you bought a package of Kleenex (yeah)
Package the rejects (yeah)
Actually itís a fact that we shack in the p-jects
Naturally a rat pack will attack cheese (huh)
Thatís why Iím in yellow and green
May I tap, trap all these (uh)
No I donít trust these hoes, nigga (uh)
Say they love you for you then turn into gold digger (Bane)
What the fuck you ask me for a dollar for?
Shooting the gym? I ainít ballin' ho
What I look like, any baller you know? (Bane)
Yup, shots fired, callin' it kettle
Black shit turned the pot higher
Eyes tired
Keep trying to sell me a smile, but Iím a hard buyer
Keep shit movin' like a car tire
What you want a necklace
Iíll make you a chain out some barbed wire

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Swifty McVay:]
I got his Earth on my shoulders, real life for rappin'
If you threw the planet at me Iíd headbutt it and crack it
On another tax bracket and I been cleanin' my house
But my old habits are in the attic, Iíll pull 'em out
And keep reminding y'all you ainít got it all
Devil keep pulling me by the drawers
Not at all amazed at these haters
Youíve seen my catalog
Speaking and we keep flying over 'em like a cannonball
Think Iím this comical, swag follower
Just rhyming over beats
While these leakers suckin' all of us off (hell no)
Still got your mama covered in vomit in my cellphone
Y'all really got me fucked up
What you mixin' up in that cup?
What the hell you sprinkle in that blunt?
.44, make him sober up

[Verse 3 - Bizarre:]
I got an addiction to all these prescriptions
Need an intervention, someone to listen
Catholic or Christian, fuck your suspicions
(Bitch! Gimme my molly and stop bitchin'!)
Turn it up (turn it down)
I be blowing on half a pound
Pass it around and pass it around
Merry go-round, merry go-round
She say she love me, but this bitch is ugly
(Shit, you ain't even know it)
I'mma still let her fuck me

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - Kuniva:]
They say the devil is a liar
Nigga don't worry 'bout that loud mouth
Bumping his gums and babbling
Watch for them quiet niggas
On the real, you should come ride with us
Crew full of riders; Optimus
My back, seems like you got your facts all crossed up, no Swastikas
Fadin' in and out of my consciousness
Tryna fight this feeling Iím conjurin'
That's why I wear a hat so low with a mask
Really feelin' like the Lochness
No bullshit, these bitches are more grimy
Doing a nigga real slimey
Had my little homie stretched out, death untimely
Need I remind me? Hold up
Yo, donít get doped up
Heard rumors that niggas wanna clap at me
Well actually, I was just over there
Niggas ainít really do jack to me
Thatís why I keep this mask on, straight face
Only thing thatís missing is my [?] get my Runyon Ave soldiers

[Hook]



Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though
Oh well, this is my life so
As I go and try to close for the night's show
See how far that line goes
Still blows my mind show
Business guess I'll just never get
So this shit just always feels so weird
To this day because all I ever did
Was just say the shit I wouldve wanted to hear
Other people say to me when I was a kid
So please don't make me some type of hero
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way
But still will have a field day with some of the
Fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck the dick
Cause I still make fun of a sit.
Someone's in like a son of a bitch
At another's expense, I'm fuckin' relentless
As fuck when it comes to this pen
I struggle with coming to my senses
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
The most foulish childish things without even blinking
Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening
But now it's, lay me down to sleeping
Is it really my soul to keep or
Have I sold it cheap is it greed
Do I take more than I need
When I joke about leavin'
But keep over achievin'
Because what's stolen from me barely broke even

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line

So I notice how I paint myself
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain
I want my respect but ignore the
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect
And my reflection shows what it's like here
Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights yeah
It's like a nightmare
I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
And I don't like how I see myself so I
Open the Bible to Isaiah cause
I swear to Christ there are nights where
I stay up at night just to say a prayer twice
Just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer
Ice skate on the nice way
Puting it but I like staying
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
I got a nice pair of dice here
Sealed off in my lair
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
From in this house it's quite bare, but it ain't when you can't leave it
And I feel so isolated, nice I made it
But it's like I payed the price of fame twice I hate it
So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it
Then I wonder why I stay famous
Keep walkin' the line
This gold fish poke gets old
But especially when you don't know
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so
You don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
Or if you sold your soul

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line

And from here you look so small
Hovering high above us all
Please come back, to me

I still remember the times when
They were, simpler than the rhymes of
Vanilla Ice were, when I was just killin' the mics
I'll never forget what that feeling was like I,
Miss those times now when I was just starting out
Without a dime and, now I'm diamond
Can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been
Stuck in this house hibernatin'
Hate even going outside it
Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin'
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it
Look how excited, I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and
Everything about it I miss
Which now reminds me
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz
Wow, I must have had Alzheimers
Long time since I shouted them out, bout time
Cause it's been on my mind lately how
Zee you always supported me
You vouched, I will never forget that and
How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace
I love you too, you slept on my couch
And I been thinkin' bout the time I slept on the floor at the outhouse
Rhyming is all we ever wanted to do
And regardless how life has turned out
Inside I'll always be an outsider
My life has been turned inside out but I

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line



[Verse 1 - Skylar Grey:]
You sit there stone-faced, as if I'm not here
Can't you see that I've been crying?
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
You're an itch I can't reach
A wound that won't heal
The smell of skin that's burning
I didn't know you'd be insane
But it's true, and just say all I am to you is a

[Pre-Hook - Eminem:]
Pain in my neck, thorn in my side
Stain on my blade, blood on my knife
Been dreaming of her, all of my life
But she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to

[Hook - Skylar Grey:]
She's twisted, he's a rebel, she's sick, he's hard to handle
The worst of all is he just don't care
She's twisted like a rope, that is wrapped around her throat
But the worst part of all is she really don't give a... (shit)
(She don't give a shit)

[Verse 2 - Skylar Grey & Eminem:]
Sometimes I wish that you'd just die
Cause I'm too afraid of leaving
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
(How did it come to this?
Why do I fantasize to kill you when you're sleeping?)
I didn't know you feel the same
When I say you're no good
All you are to me

[Pre-Hook:]
Is a pain in my neck, thorn in my side
Stain on my blade, blood on my knife
Been dreaming of her, all of my life
But she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Yelawolf:]
Love ain't no fairytale, love is a buried nail
Inside of this heart of stone, so you wanna get married?
Well Romeo, Romeo, smokin' blow with Antonio
In the back alley takin' shots of whiskey and only gold
Juliet's at the nudie bar, doin' God only knows
Neither one of 'em came to see the dog and the pony show
But a bitch is a bitch, and a horse is a horse, ain't it?
Sorry I can't afford to get your daddy's old Porsche painted
Sorry Juliet that you embedded the sayin'
If a dollar makes you holler well then I'm gettin' the short change of it
Feel like I've been asleepin' alone and lovin' this angel
Entangled between a dream and a coma
Walkin' the edge of this cliff, like a sheep to it's owner
Then woke up to this fuckin' bitch with an evil persona
Now if you say that you hate somebody and you livin' with them
Then they pack up and leave and then you bitch about how you miss 'em
You gotta see the pattern of the blood all over the steerin' wheel
Love is a cannibal ridin' a carnival carousel
'Round and 'round we roll, where it stops, baby nobody knows
Some people go crazy and they lose control
Some people jump off, some people won't let go
Some people say love, some people say why
Some people don't love, they just want a free ride
The rain won't stop, it'll never dry
If she's in the house of pain then love is standin' outside

[Hook]

Maybe I'm the twisted one that screwed this up
So I guess this means Goodbye, for now



I feel phenomenal as usual
Pharmaceuticals, glue stick to crucify me at Bonnaroo
But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston
In the corner trying to seek solitude
Shallow but such a hollow dude
I won't even swallow solid food
Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa
Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you
Roses to violet mollies are blue
Lost in a ball of confusion
Its all an illusion
It's probably the shrooms I'm on
Cause I think I started hallucinating
Cause I just thought I just heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit
And all I can do is follow the music
And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza
Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover
Just a problem in wallowing fumes
I feel uptight I gotta get looser
After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution
Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted
Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit
Excusez-moi but that coochie that passed
You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze
But juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer
It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like I'm Marshall
Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll Introduce ya
Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse
But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
A chronic abuser, not only user of marijuana
I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers
Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, and a nuke
And a Rottweiler too, I'm not in the mood so
When I say I'm bringing the TEC out
I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers
God, I'm gonna puke
I'm so gone off the hookah
I think I swallowed a loofah
I'm tore up, demolished, a fuckin' stone like Oliver
Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
The thoughts I produce are loony tunes
The box of usable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes
To replace next up Veronica's boobs
And a paychecks that were stuffed in a glove box
In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues
The girl was just not the one suitable for him

[Hook:]
Right For Me will change me rearrange my head to be
Just right for you and me donít laugh, please listen
Donít laugh, please listen

Thought I could endure the pressure
Collapse and crumble perhaps
Relapsing under that
Well that's a bunch of crap
In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap
And I'm sick of acting humble thats enough of that
Fuck that shit, cut the sack
Like its a natural reaction
That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match
Cause push keeps coming to that
I can keep getting my ass kicked, keep it coming back
Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit so mad
Disgruntled had some struggles yeah
But that passionate hunger's back
The fantastic juggling act
And the way I flip my tongue on the track
It's like verbal acrobatics
But in fact
Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft
After I strapped the duffel bag to my back
And stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
An elastic bungee strap, proper plaster, a thumb tack
And a piece of plastic bubble wrap
Went spastic and fuckin' snapped
Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid
Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped
And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat
And for my last trick, lunge on back lash
On a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snapped the rudder in half
Chuckled and laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal
And just asked him to come crash
And I go grab my go-go-gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress
And ceramic construction hat
Rubbed my magic mushroom tat
Fell off then splat, get up from that
Face taped to a waste paper basket
Throw up then gas, lungs collapse
And that's more likely than finding someone that's

[Hook]

Couple of shots of J‰ger
Public intoxication, dis-fuckin'-combobulation
Flooded with thoughts of anger
While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin'
"You're top ten ain't cha?" stop cause you fuckers are talkin' crazy
And stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation
Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
Underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is
I came to fuck with your occupation
You're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs
And you brought the scalpel and sponge
The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon
Stuck in the operating room
Once you done, swapped your name with him
Smuggled in Ronald Reagan
If you duck him up Donald Fagen
While juggling waffles baking
Fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle
They flung it across the table
Then bump it and knock it shake it
Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration
I said fuck it and lost my patience
Since they all woke up from sedation
Ain't none of you Doctor Dre
So then what does it got you thinkin'
That you can fuck with this operation
Aftermath, still running hip-hop amazing
I'm still pluggin' along
No need for an assumption
Here's confirmation
I'm up for the long duration
I'm just looking for something to walk away with
Some pocket change and a little integrity
Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage
Till I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and
Stuck in an awkward place in my life
But I shit you not like I'm fucked up with constipation
That day will come before I stumble upon some ladies

[Hook]



Yo, if you could just, for one minute
Or one split second in time, forget everything
Everything that bothers you, all your problems
Everything, and follow me

If I was frozen inside of a moment
If I could capture time inside a capsule
An hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand, it passes through it
If I can grasp it, and just control what happens to it
Then I can trap it, so no more time elapses through it
If raps could do it, maybe I could tap into it
Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks
To transmit through 'em, to make you put your ass into it
And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it
Your passions too much for you to not be dancing to it
And as you do it, your movements become fast and fluent
You're mashin' to it, moshing until you're black and bluish
You're acting foolish, this music it has influenced you to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion
True it's chaotic, but it's got your body moving as a unit
Uniting together tonight, so make it last and you better just

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)

Cause when we descend together, we begin to move as one
In perfect unison just like the moon and sun
Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum
Rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun
But if you could lose it once, I mean if you could let shit go
Relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow
To rest your soul, you could leave the rest to me
If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy
To make 'em feel the feeling that I'm feeling right this minute
Cause I feel like the night won't end til I get finished
So close the shades, makin' sure no light gets in it
The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite
A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it
But no one really gives a fuck cause they just like what's spinnin'
His life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin'
Like life's beginning, so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)



[Royce Da 5'9']
Ryan's a homocidal misfit
I write the solution of biophysics
On the side of a cliff and some hieroglyphics
This my admission to having violence psychotic
With the vile polish politics by the way I'm higher than the Eiffel tower tip
I like writing but I will stick this pencil in your ass before I bite ya shit
Pause, inhale hell n kush, us and Yealwolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push
Felon's, crooks, going door to door like he's selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mush
Now my bitch dancer, I'm bout as sick as cancer
If you could swallow my style, you probably rip ya pants off
If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody
It'd probably smell like cologne made out of bits of panther
They call me anchor man, I'll hold down the ship
Leave you niggas floating in water and go and drown a fish
fuck I'm fucking heinous, I'll make you fucking famous
Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you sayin'

[Eminem]
Fuck, it's fucking raining, shit, it's lightening
Bitch, its thundering, cause I'm hushing up I'm a storm if you wonderin'
Shit, you could muster up a thought, to take a toter? and a brain fart
Want urine in your face, all you had to do was say it
You wish you woulda just stayed pissed off in the first place
We came to monopolise the game
Illuminati is here, yeah, human oddities
at odds with us, just whats gotta be
Cause we started out cold and it snowballed
We froze, soon as we rolled up on these hoes
All's we know is you over the bar like Limbo/Limbaugh
You know who you are
So quit fucking the dark before we start callin' you bizaare
Shit screw the boots, ya'll dun raped a pitbull
Fell in love with Shih-tzu
This is directed directly at you
And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint
You must be huffin', fuck a ballsack if the taints can't take you on a date
You mistake me for a gentleman, your 2000 and late man, Will-I-aint
I'm the bad guy, type of guy that will drag 5 girls up on stage
Pour ice in their pants and the first one who pee's gets a black eye

[Hook - Eminem]
You must be outta ya mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts
Bitch hang it up, this game is over

[Joell Ortiz]
Puffing loosies, watching I Love Lucy with Gary Busey
Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady
Will there ever come a day when they could slay me?
I don't know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe
Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me
Everything you kick weak, your speak kung fu yazy
All my homeboys, 2.0 boys
Nickle, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce!
Even if I wanted to quit, I ain't got no choice
Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice
You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist
Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moist
Bang bang bang bang, house gang, chainsaw
Here to kill you pussy's, don't ask what we came for
I write til my right arm vein's sore
Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war
You hear that Yaowa, you know who finna file out
Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that eyeball
Piranha mentality with a jaws bite all night
Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight

[Joe Budden]
Jets and movers, cess-poolers, meth abusers
You step to us, text rugers to respect the shooters
My men think in sync, roll with the best crew
Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger
Welcome to nay hood, bigger than jects, G
Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck
So I'm well prepped if you just want war
There'll be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor
It's raw, you keep acting like you don't know Mouse, nigga
And you gon' need the best doctors, house nigga
Guard your jewels and avoid large tools
Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool
Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told
They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold
Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate
I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face
Talking funds, niggas ain't never seen stock
I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock

[Hook - Eminem]
You must be outta ya mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts
Bitch hang it up, this game is over

[Crooked I]
Takeoff, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer
I'm kind of a Dahmer, I'm grinding
Now rappers are lining up jackers, I'm climbing up ladders
I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama
You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article
But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles, particles
Tell me when and I'm there
Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air
Stay fly like a limited fare
You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares
I smell shit and piss, know where it's coming from
You stepped on number two just to be number one
Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo yard
Bogart for arts, we go hard
You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the west
I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart

[Yelawolf]
I got no Jim Beam in the liver
Getting head like clean clippers, with haters on my dick like a jeans zipper
When I throw up 16's like I drink liquor
You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain't seen sicker
Then I'll crack, and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown
Popping the trunk, my pumper stay cocking the round
I shit logs and I piss river brown
Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile
And that's as close as I get to a pyramid
Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin' ignorant
Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent
But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end
They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing
Skinny-ass pants sagging, it's only yourself you playing
Call me a clown, but you love where the clown's hanging
And the freakshow's at the county carnival then you pay
Bitch, I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark
Yelling "Go Shady" driving slower than an old lady
In an old '89, no piece if you pay me
Gimme peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes
I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately
Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies
They call me crazy cause I made it
Bitch, you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lately
You ain't fucking wit' Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce
You don't wanna see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice
That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the porno boys
And if Marshall want me to clap, then homie, I deploy
Game over

[Eminem]
Yo, I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again
[Yelawolf]
Game over



I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer (?)
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And aint shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

It's only fair to warn
I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford
But I'm more toward droppin an accapella
And choppin' a fella
To mozarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins
Feeding you liquid darvicet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit (?)
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit

Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombas (?)
We blowin up your house killing your parents 
and coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I aint making no more threats
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack (?) 
today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
Walk the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure



[Verse 1:]
You probably gonna think that I'm talking about you and you goddamn right I am
look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you
subliminally, but I think criminal instinct
has pushed me to the brink, my pussy does it stink
he still loves me cause he puts me in his ink
he does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he?
Nah, I'm just playing tug of war with his heart cause he misses me
I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky
and there's no risk of disease cause he ain't with anyone is he?
this bitch really thinks she can get me
if she still wants me, driving across country
strapped him to the front seat, missing all the front teeth
thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me?
I told this cunt she's gonna over-do it once
and once she does, she'll  be stuffed up in a trunk
crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball
bunched up nice and comfy
fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
you cunning little cunt, deceitful witch
you thought you had me, 'till my shrink told me this

[Hook:]
The problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover

[Verse 2:]
I feel like a serial killer
I keep dumping bodies in the lake, Imma get caught and sent up the river
I shiver when I think of the company I keep
how do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep?
I shriek, every time she hands me something to drink
sex kept us together, when we slept together everything
was all better, she made me feel like a king
slowly, she began lowering my self-esteem
she go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her
and I just bought her a truck for 50,000 dollars
accused me of doing drugs and screaming "holla"
then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana
and all I know is every time I go
to them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow
the little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke
that's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago
and I wouldn't even let on like I know
what was I supposed to do, call her out on it? we just argue
say she put it down on purpose and flipped the whole script
ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch
a cunning little cunt, little deceitful witch
she thought she had me, 'till my shrink told me this

[Hook:]
The problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover



[Intro]
It's alright, it's OK, I'm gonna make it anyway,
I'ma make it, I'ma make it, I'ma make it.., somehow...

[Eminem]
Sometimes I just feel like, quitting I still might
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealing with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Something ain't right, hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright, drawing a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Breaking eye balls, my insides crawl
and I clam up (wham) I just slam shut
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
just been stripped, I have just been vicked
So I must then get off the bus then split
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm going the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]
I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm going
Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone
ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road

[Eminem]
I'm walking these train tracks, trying to regain back
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant, and the same pants
Trying to chase rap, gotta move ASAP
And get a new plan, momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Ain't no telling what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep running from something I never wanted so bad!
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man, I'm just trying to do what's best
And I try, sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm begging you God
Please don't let me be pigeon holed in no regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
Yo I'm telling you dawg I'm balling this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far
But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest
To be walking this borderline of Detroit city limits
It's different, it's a certain significance,
A certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
But yet I'm still unsigned, having a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go
Who must I show, to bust my flow
Where must I go, who must I know
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cause I ain't having no luck with this little rabbit's foot, fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm starting to doubt shit
I'm feeling a little skeptical who I hang out with
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army trying to salvage an outfit
And it's cold, trying to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battling mode
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one, the city is no fun
There is no sun, and it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart
From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends
It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
What I'm doing I just blow, my head is a stove top
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the acid I don't got
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no calling her next time I need a new girl
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Then I turn and cross over the median curve
Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]



[Lotto]
[Spoken]
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.
I'm sick of the motherfucker! Check this shit out!
[Rap]
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!
This shit is a horror flick,
But the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kidding!
That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in living!
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joining the KKK.
Or some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"
I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends OK.
So I'll end this shit wit a "Fuck you, but have a nice day!"

[Eminem]
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid!
"Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!"
I ain't hear a word you said, "hipidy hooblah!"
Is that a tank top, or a new bra?
Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!
Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head?
Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said!
Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful,
And don't come back until something dope hits you
Fuck it! You can take the mic home with you!
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you,
Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"
You see how far those white jokes get you
Boy's like "How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?"
My motto: Fuck Lotto!
I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow!



Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up
Look, look

Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free world got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf

1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 Pac, 2 Pac, 3 Pac, 4
4 Pac, 3 Pac, 2 Pac, 1
You're Pac, he's Pac, you're Pacs: none

This guy ain't no motherfucking MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fucking bum,
I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standing here screaming, "Fuck the free world!"
Don't ever try to judge me, dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through

But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook. That's a private school
What's the matter, dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence

And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look
In his fucking yearbook,
Fuck Cranbrook

Fuck a beat, I go a capella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer,
fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me.



[Lickety Split]

This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
Ill leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin shits creek

You ain't Detroit, Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music

Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish 
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up

Ill crack your shoulder blade
Youll get dropped so hard 
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I dont know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailor park

[Rabbit]

This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So Im a German, Eh
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies

Talkin bout shits creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race

He can't get with me spittin this shit
Wickedly lickety shot
Spickety spickety split lickety
So Im gonna turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!



A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert,
But I'm holding you closer than most'cause you are my heaven.

[Kanye West]
How you listen to a girl that still wanna man
Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Mann
I'm wonderin' why she "ret to go" like Wanda then
When we met you was a V like Madonna, man
Now you in the field runnin' plays like Donovan
McNabb before you get in a cab
I'll trade in my cab
Just to take you back to last summer, man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest
You don't remember when I called you Reese's Pieces
Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around and giggle said; "You so nuts!"
But nowadays we actin' way too grown up
Like how ya ex girl get the new numba
The rumors was so numerous
For stickin' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.

[Eminem]
So young, so full of life and vibrant,
Side by side wherever you was ridin', I went,
So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit,
When Ronnie died you was right by my side,
With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes,
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it,
You even had the same type of childhood I did,
Sometimes I just wanna know why,
Is it that you surcame to yours,
And mine I survived it,
You ran the streets I nine to fived it,
We grew up, grew apart as time went by us,
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises,
Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it,
Much as your pride tries to hide it,
You're cold your touch, its like ice,
And your eyes is the look of resentment,
I can sense it and I don't like it

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.

[Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, stuck alone in this wave race
Say I'm living too fast, don't plan on changing my pace
Got one foot on the gas, it's never a need for brakes
Smoke ez-rider's with hash, fuck bitches from out of state
Valet bringing my cars, waiter bringing me plates
Shrimp and fillet Mignon, we celebrate buying drinks
Wit a couple of broads my nigga's who got love for me
It's lonely at the top, I'm tired of having company
Uh, so while you busy trying to fit in, I'm a stand out
And view my life through this lens to see how it pan's out
Substitute teacher ass nigga's, need a handout
Middle finger screaming fuck them nigga's who hated,
I'm money affiliated
Pop another bottle, that chronic smokin degraded
Speculating me landing must of got me mistaken,
I'm speaking as the captain of the planes,
You's a runner on the jet way

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.



I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go bezerker than a fed-up post-office worker
A merk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
I faced her around
But his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I come back
Like nut on your spine
I'm a thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem till he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His bridges, he out grow'd em

[Taylor]
Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
You're all I wanted

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't turn back now, I'm haunted

I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand,
Someone distorted my mint
Read some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pull at it all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whack before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentariani sm, you prick
You call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer
I displaced my clause with enough plaster
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like burn choyder
You're the Eminem backwards, you're mini-me
See he's in a whole nother weight class
He smokes your BB's you beat back bullets
You're full of it; you were just in his CD's
Left at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E

I'm haunted I'm dead your gone

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
Won't finish what you started

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't go back, I'm haunted

Oooooh

You and I walk a fragile line
I have known it all this time
Never ever thought I'd see it break.
Never thought I'd see it



[Eminem]
Hi!
Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face
Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase
I laced the weed with insect repellent, better check the smelly
Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling
with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple (hurry up!)
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?"
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphillis germs
and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it (yuck!)
(Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it
And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it
Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it

[Chorus (Eminem):]
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy

[Eminem]
I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym
I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium
than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly combustible head, spazmatic
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
High speed, IV full of thai weed
Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy

[Eminem]
Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say
I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH)
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin
"Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been"
"It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos
So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus
Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it
Damn!

[Chorus (Eminem)]

Something's not right
I'm sorry,
I'm mentally retarded
Slim Shady
I think thats my name
Ruckus Records
Fuckin' Crazy
You hear us?
We're fuckin' crazy
All of us
Hi....bye
Nine somethin....



The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [*BANG BANG, BANG*]
Ha ha, ride..

[Dr. Dre]
All you see is the sun, reflecting off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'm gonna show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishing gold, waiting for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
but I'm gonna put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said

[Eminem]
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm telling the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you..

[Chorus:]

You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die

[Dr. Dre + Eminem]
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) [*imitating Slick Rick*]
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was telling the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gonna do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my satchel
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)

[Eminem]
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's going around saying he took the game from us
(Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it coming)
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop laying eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps

[Dr. Dre]
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swinging doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringing"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flying every which way

[Eminem]
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled

[Chorus 2X]

Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [BANG BANG, BANG]
Ha ha, ride..



[Chorus One]
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}

[Eminem]
Hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space 
I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here} and shit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than ill
I'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {Ahh!}
Human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me
cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper, whether I got money or not {yup}
As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht
But I would like an award 
for the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
and a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank 
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
No shit I'm a great danger to my health 
Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?

[Chorus Two]
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}

[Eminem]
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin James Todd Sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {Ow! Ow! Ow!}
I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate
since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon}
I laugh at the sight of death
as I fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!}
and land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not, blow your brain out, I'm blowin mine out
Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now!

[Chorus Three]
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}

[Eminem]
My laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist
Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face 
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin out 
your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
I'm not a "Role Model," I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was paid to make me dishwash?
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scott's
And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much
And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us 
and our personal life, it's just words on a mic
So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch!

[Chorus Two]



[Eminem:]
Welcome to Detroit
This is the BET Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011
Myself, Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf

White dog, get em!

[Yelawolf:]
Put these muthafuckas in a box and I send ëem away
Put 'em in a gray 'Lac and pop the trunk
Hey throw 'em in the back, jack, I dig ëem a grave
Put a brick inside that Xerox, when I print ëem a page
Moving keys I can't relate, cause I live in a cage
I throw up the A, I take ëem to school,
I give em a grade, an easy E for effort
That's WWA, white with an attitude
Alphabet soup is on my plate
All I got is Zís they sleeping on me, I canít get ëem awake
I spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
Who believe they making it rain cause all they see is the clouds
And I watch from the couch of the VIP
Like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like fuck it
I just feed em a cow
Plenty of white boys to pick from this year
But before you can pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic
But what it's like to pick a fight with me
Itís like putting Nikes on a cheetah, betta speed up
Or at least in my case Addidas
I'm out this bitch drinking Sprite by the 2 liter
Holler, Shady records

[Joe Budden:]
Say Iím from the new school, Iíma say check ya tone and watch ya mouth
If they teaching how to dougie, Iím condoning dropping out
Forced to wile, y'all birthed and gave me up
I just perfected being hip hops foster child, now check it
I donít blame yíall for being trash fans and copping it
The radioís the crime scene the masses are the hostages
In my youth I'd throw shots, the fan would dodging it
Iím grown, I ain't watching the throne, Iím sabotaging it
You see that four headed monster and the storm looms
Snipe ëem from a distance, the scope got a long zoom
You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room
Got a figure here you wonít get bigger if you on shrooms
Was left to me I'd revive what the game be íbout
Iída took the wine outta Amy house
Enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back
Wayne couldnít teach me how to love that
But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny
Both parents broke but she comes from money
Think my bread is her paper to burn
So I lock her out and now she doubt David is Stern
She so bad I make her hit the telly from a taxi
Then dead her in that Holiday Inn
Learnt that from Max B
That's why the haters of every kind wanna send me Llamas
I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihanas
Is it me? Or is what I'm hearing just pitiful?
Airwaves the same now the stereoís typical
My skin thick so the critics ignore
So unafraid to die you think I did it before
The boys Rodman with the trash talk
Magical walk with the black ball way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
Glass jaw, hoody and mask would be the black folk with no passport
Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors
If pumps had awards ya status whore category
Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore
I know hip hops alive and well
If it died, you other crews wouldnít survive the smell

(Ladies & Gentlemen... you're scared now)
(Make that face at 'em dawg)
(Crooked I.. get 'em)

[Crooked I:]
I spot a victim, the plotíll thicken when the clock is tickin'
I caught em slippin', I gotta give em a shot, I hit em with proper spittin'
Hottest writtens and compositions, so competition's a contradiction
Somebody mentioned they got it crooked, highly fiction,
We probably different, got Gotti henchmen,
Opposition our body quick as Bugatti engines
Iím on a mission to get richer,
The sickest lyric kicker diggin' a ditch for different spitters
Sweet lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor
Spit like a sick mixture
Of Notorious Pun and L get the big picture
The poster Iíll roast ya,
My mind so deadly itís just like the beanie is close to a holster
Itís over control my whole coastal region like Iím supposed to
Flow is going postal evening, open season
Heart close to freezing, ruthless is easy nigga
Approach Iím squeezing, believe me
Dopest West Coaster  breathing
So most y'all hope Iím vegan, no pun, beefing
Rappers need to keep it trill
Give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills
People sleeping on my ether skills
And y'all ain't even real
We about to die in this cypher
Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a Will
Foreal

[Joeel Ortiz:]
Yaooowa
I ain't a rap dude, Iím a dude who rap
Before this I was moving crack
Killers yíall become when yíall rhyme, I salute and dap
And if I blink then remove ya snaps, you ain't cool you wack
With ya foolish yacís? skinny jeans don't mean ya ass shoot
It means ya booty claps
Donít play like Tyler Perry, this the Slaughterhouse of Pain
Flow brown, tight and heavy
When it comes to sixteenís Iím a fiend feinding a studio
Near a needle with a mean lean, probably writing bars to Nas "Thief theme"
Getting my Yaowa on, may all the Olajuwonís be the dream team
This is an all day slaughter
They feindin for us to break like Beyonceís water
The four quarters doing all the eating
And you gotta know why I made the cut, Iím Puerto Rican
Ortiz keep the fire ready
And tryna put me outís like tryna steal a transvestite from Eddie

[Royce Da 5'9':]
Iím do or die dope
And you can make the sticker sittin' on the door
Of that phantom your suicide note
Hi Rihanna..
Is Nicki living with you? Let me know
So I can buy binoculars and telescopes
Hi Rihanna..
I donít need to know you better
You tell me you love my music again, we go together
Bye Rihanna...
Now back to yíall fools
We rock out like the outside of a guitar school
Thousand dollar frames, I prefer to see the world through
Donít ask me nothing bout Budden, I beat my girl too
You ask me why do I keep her? I say itís cheaper to
Thatís why I ride around in a Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do
Rappers, Iím your daddy, I tell you straight as this
You donít kill but your father Will like Jaden Smith
I tell ya like I tell my Spanish chick
You fly but I ainít going down on no landing strip
So get your wax on like Daniel-son
Or Iíma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come
Point out the greatest rapper alive I headshot ëem
Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
While Iím cyber sexing with Jessica Alba, via Skype
Iím on my d-boy, d-bo thing
Spiritual steelo swing like Cee-Lo Green
Get out the camera with yo B Roll bling
You know your flow is whack
We cornered the market like a Wal-Mart in a cul-de-sac
Yeah, this what 2 million singles sold and a album thatís gold
Look like, without having to sell your soul
Nickle

[Eminem:]
Wait, can I rap?

(You da Boss, you better get 'em)

Ayo... lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal subliminal
In your swimmin' pool

(Boo.. come on man, get back on.. kick that shit)

You íbout to see peace destroyed
Itíll never be restored
When I unleash these beastly hoards on your CD stores
Wanna stop it, you gon' need a priest and at least three swords
A license to ill from the Beastie Boys, 3 Ouija boards
And a squeegee and please be warned donít ask for the squeegees for
Or the holy water, acid rap thatíll eat these floors
Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
And as for me, you ask when Iím gone "will he be mourned?"
Is puke luke warm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?
Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a freakin' shoebox
With a shoehorn, smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on?
Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus? Joell yo,
Tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas
So I can put these babies in the fetal position,
Theyíre getting elbows to the penis
Yeah, big deal. I took some little kids big wheel
And spit in his fricken big kids meal
Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still
You just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield?
Is it dust we bout to kick up?
Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup?
Between a stick shift in his fricken pick up
And drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will till he gets hiccups?
Flippin' the script up like Mike Vick
Get bit in his junk by a pit, yup Iím a sick pup
Iíd be a horrible magician
Cause Iíd fuck that trick up
Fix ya lips up to say something fly, or zip up
A-B? Letís C. You said you were gonna do X-Y-Z
Till you fuck around and get dropped like an E
When you add an I-N-G
Donít put a K in front of that though, when I MC
Cause Iím not the king of this microphone booth
Itís more like a phonebooth
Superman in this bitch, kryptonite wonít do
It gives me more power, I bump the fat boys and
Eat rat poison, take meteor showers
Fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger
While I hop in a mosh pit, will be like Nas doing gospel or R&B, you crazy?
Me pushing up daisies? That thought is impossible
As if flashing across the news, Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
With a huge Johnson, boobs, and a monstrous tube of lube
And a bra, some boots, some panties, in an aqua blue Mazda
Swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool
So kill the rumors it ainít happenin'
Iíma rap till Iím fossil fuel



[DJ scratching:] "Do it!" 

[Eminem:] 
Sneakin in through the back door, fruity MC's get ambushed 
Rammed and squooshed, slammed and pushed, crammed and mushed 
Then I'm movin on down from the right to left 
So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death 
To get jacked, attacked and cracked in two 
Smackin through 'til youre black and blue for actin true 
I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands 
Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans 
I'm stompin, I'm kickin, I'm chokin, I'm stampin em 
clompin em, stickin, and pokin and clampin em 
To electric chairs and tightenin bolts 
Hit em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts 
I'm zappin, rappers, singers, and dancers 
Faster than you could snap your fingers for ransom 
Cancer is in the flesh, alive and breathin 
Survivin by connivin and theivin 

[DJ scratching:] "Do it!", "Eat em up" 

[Eminem:] 
I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters 
It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders 
Developin a fear of biterphobia 
I'm holdin a gas can and lighter over ya 
If I detect ya, I'ma pulverize 
Dissect your brain, diggin in your skull for lies 
And I'ma torture, with material iller 
than a stark ravin mad serial killer 
I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is 
A major risk to a plagiarist 
So beware of the aura, A terror for the horrible 
Will scare ya tomorrow, is the airbourne assault of the rappers 
Hit the source to better my skills, 
I head for the border 
And run the Galloping Hills, the choice is yours 
Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream til my voice is hoarse 
Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage yours to bite like labradors 
In the range of my double-barrel 
And your life is in danger, trouble, and peril 

[DJ scratching] 

[Eminem:] 
I trample and stamp liars, like they were campfires 
Cuz vampires right on my balls like clamp pliers 
And swing on my big thingamajig 
So I'm bringin my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig 
Cause biters are fallin head over heels 
In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels 
That's how I became paranoid 
Chewin my fingernails, pullin my hair annoyed 
Cause every time you bit it was deliberate 
So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with 
an ultimatum I assault and slayed em 
with rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em 
Energetic and imaginative, 
pronouns and verbs, predicates and adjectives 
Will reach out and grab ya, 9 times outta 10 
That's why I'm spilling one of a kind rhymes out a pen 

[DJ scratching:] "Everybody walk out the back door" 

[DJ scratching to fade]



[Chorus]
Boy meets girl,
You were my dream my world,
But I was blind,
You cheated on me from behind.

'Cause boy meets girl,
You were my dream my world,
But I was blind,
You cheated on me from behind.

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Now I know we said things,
Did things that we didn't mean,
And we fall back into the same patterns,
Same teams,
But your tempers' shit just bad as mine,
You're same as me,
But when it comes to love you just as blinded.

Baby please come back,
It wasn't you,
Maybe it was me,
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems,
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano,
All I know is I love you too much,
To walk away doe.

Come inside,
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk,
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?,
Told you "this is my fault",
Look me in the eyeball,
Next time I'll miss to let my fist hit the dry wall,
Next time-,
There won't be no next time,
I apologize even though I know it's lies,
I'm tired of the games,
I just want it back,
I know I'm a liar,
If she ever tries to fucking leave again,
Ima fucking tie her to the bed...[?]

[Repeat Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Bow Wow]
Listen,
I'm sitting lookin out the window like, "Damn",
Tryna fix the situation that's at hand,
You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing that you shouldn't be,
Me, you're gonna be mine when I'm knowing that you couldn't be.

Cuz you haven't called,
I ain't even appalled 
I still got a lot of pain,
I ain't dealt with it all,
I've been runnin around with other chicks,
I'm single and they lovin it,
I'm likin it but I just want the one that I was in love with.

It's not the end of it,
I'm tryna let you go,
I can't,
Get a grip of that I'm tryna let you know

You got hold some kind of control of me,
I don't know what it is,
But I gotta get you goin for me,

I'm working at it,
It ain't getting no better,
I'm just tryna be like,
"Yeah, whatever, forget it."
Instead of starin out this glass,
Lookin at this bad weather,
Damn, I gotta pull myself together,
Cuz.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Drake]
It sounds like a conversation,
It's a celebration,
Lets toast to the fact I moved out my mamas basement,
To a condo downtown,
Cuz it's all about location,
I sit and drink wine and watch Californication of life,
You shoulda been here to kick it with me, 
We coulda split this whole thing up 50/50,
But now I'm at the 40/40 gettin bitches tipsy,
Killin shit that ever so talented Mr. Riply,

How did I go from bein a man that you argued with?,
To meeting Dwayne Carter and putting alcohol an shit,
Should wanna go back to the one I started with,
But I'm addicted to this life,
It's gonna be hard to quit.

Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along,
You can tell me that you've none of my songs,
As long as you say one day you plan to listen,
Cuz what's a star...[?]

[Chorus]



[50 Cent] 
Yeah, Shady, Hahahaha 
G G G G G G G G-Unit 

[Eminem] 
Here we go again 

[50 Cent] 
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow? 
You can't understand how I get my dough 
50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so 
I'm on fire 

Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne 
I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone 
But don't compare me 
I'm better off jus' left alone 
And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales 
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself 
Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12 
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail 
And livin wreckless 
But if you go check my belt 
You may see something else I used to protect myself 
A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to 
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you 
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind 
That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX 
Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next 
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael 
Juss keep singin' the same song, recycled 
We'd all much rather get along and fight you 
Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you 
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth 
C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you 
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to 
But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on 

But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it 
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
So whats the, deal where was all the tough talk? 
When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg? 
How come you didn't say you had a problem then? 
When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then 
I'ma grown man dawg come holla 
All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow, 
another one of them little X pills in front of me 
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon you will see 
You know you don't want it with me 

[Tony Yayo] 
You couldn't son me if my father helped you 
My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you 
Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you 
Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol 
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
And put six thru your hats of seven 3/8 
Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night 
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike 
You know and I know who took ya chain 
You got robbed two times so ya ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon you will see 
You know you don't want it with me

[Lloyd Banks] 
Fuck that I'm miles away 
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand 
I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man 
Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand 
I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'... 
They see me more pop a boy for icey cuz I could 
Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood 
Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song 
Now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point 
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture 
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches 
You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka 
I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus]
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You, talk an' you soon you will see 
You know you don't want it with me

[Tony Yayo] 
Yeah nigga yeah 
Shady Aftermath G-Unit 
Fuck you think they call us G Unit for 
Cause we move units uhha 
Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time 
A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even



Marshall, sounds like an SOS...

Holy wack, unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right...

To the rapmobile, let's go...

{Marshall, Marshall}, bitches and gentlemen, it's showtime, hurry hurry, step right up,
introducing the star of our show, his name is, {Marshall}, you wouldn't want to be anywhere else
in the world right now, so without further ado, I bring to you, {Marshall}...

You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest, more rawest form, flow almost flawless, most
hardest, most honest known artist, chip off the old block, but ol' Doc is, {back}, looks like
Batman brought his own Robin, oh God, Sadam's got his own Laden, with his own private plane, his
own pilot, set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges, oranges, peach, pears, plums,
syringes, {vnn vnn}, yeah here I come, I'm inches, away from you, dear fear none, hip-hop is in
a state of 911, so...

[Chorus:]
Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah},
Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}...

So skip to your lou while I do what I do best, you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to
it, flows too wet, nobody close to it, nobody says it, but still everybody knows the shit, the
most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all
so much, they make it all up, there's no such thing, like a female with good looks, who cooks
and cleans, it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know
what for, the show must go on, so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival,
c'mon now...

[Chorus]

You can
even call collect, the most feared duet, since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette, and
never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat, people steppin' over people just to rush to
the set, just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely, ease over these beat's and be so
breezy, Jesus how can shit be so easy, how can one Chandra be so Levy, turn on these beats,
MC's don't see me, believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve, when we leave, dog fo' sheezy,
can't leave rap alone, the game needs me, 'till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear into
the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here, but we ain't fuckin around round here, yo' Dre,
what up, can I get a hell, hell yeah, now...

[Chorus]

So there you have it folks, {Marshall}, has come to save the day, back with his friend Andre,
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay, because, {Marshall}, and Andre are here to stay
and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey, {Marshall}, so until next time
friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel, good night everyone, thank you for coming, your
host for the evening, {Marshall}, oh, ha...



Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store
With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder
In Ecuador with Edward Norton
Witness the metamorphosis
Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman
From the Hessian war and
Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman
Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan
Endless source and reservoir
Of extension cords in dresser drawers
And deadbolts on the bedroom doors
And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin
Excellent boyfriend

Use intercourse to settle scores
With women who have been vendettas towards men
Dickhead is forced in 'til there's shredded foreskin
Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion
Bed sores and sore shins
Pregnant whores can get abortions
Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self-absorption
Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor
A predator, I'm headed for competitors
Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals
I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store
Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus
Yes, of course, a mess of warrants
You want some? Come and get some, boys!
I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course
On excessive force and pressure points
And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange
Dress and four inch heels to address the court
With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso
Or left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him

In my present form I'm Desert Storm
Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for
Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel
Unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous!
The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus
Met a contortionist, said, "When you wanna get sexual?"
She said, "However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible."
Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach
In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on
At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph
For this asshole cop's daughter
Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it
He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock
Had a heart attack and dropped dead
Started fallin' back with it
And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock

One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch
Crack front axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff, pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel
Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound*
Asked if they had a laughin' stock
That was fuckin' stupidÖ

You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch
A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic
Bitch, get to massagin' this dick!
Like spas in this bitch, slob on it with gobs of lipstick
Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with
It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with
She's non-existent
Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit
But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches
Misfit, blond and nitwit
Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit
Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one, I'm optimistic
Love to start shit
Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment
Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx
I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble 'causer, a double crosser
Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across
Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults
A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer
Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is
Something's off, but when Dustin Hoffman's
Dressin' up in your mummy costume
On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage," what's the problem?
Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status
Run the faucet, I'ma dunk
A bunch of Trump supporters underwater
Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a gray van with a spray tan
It's a wrap, like an Ace bandage
Don't-give-a-fuck persona, to my last DNA strand
E&J in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand
She wants kielbasa, pre-arrange an escape plan
Three-inch blade on point, like a See-and-Say
Consider me a dangerous man
But you should be afraid of this dang candidate
You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet
'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin'
And that's what you wanted
A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button
Who doesn't have to answer to no oneógreat idea!

If I was president
Gettin' off is the first order of business
Once I get in office
Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam
Naked, laughin', dick cupped in hand
Screamin', "Fuck safe sex!"
Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him
Tell Congress I run this land
And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy
Addiction to friction and static
Addict who can't escape the habit
Continue to chase the dragon
But as fate would have it, I walked up in major Magics
Dressed as the maintenance man
In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket
With a gauge to blast it
And sped away in the station wagon
Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's
Crazy asses in the backseat
Throwin' Stayfree pads at me
Dead passenger in the passenger seat
Unfasten the safety latches
And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard
I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires
'Finna get a murder case and catch it
Like you threw it at me encased in plastic

And send Dylan Roof through the windshield of the Benz
Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'...
Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin'
And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar
Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder
Knock it into the upper peninsula
You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God
When will I quit? Never been realer
The in-stiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt
Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla
Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller
Revenge killer, avenge syllable binge
Fill a syringe, 'til I
Draw first blood
Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular
Couldn't be more awkwarder
Cause you're innocence I robbed you of
It's my fingers that got stuck up
Taught ya ta, not give a
Slapstick, hockey puck
The broad hunter with the sawed off
Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya
But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun
Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox
Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop
And it's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker
The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought
This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter
That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned
I'm unrevealin' quickly
My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me
Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey
Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles
Like what happened to Chris Reeves' spine column
That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems
Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em
But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles
And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel

But my patience is wearing thin
Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in
Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen
And never appear again
If you actually had fuckin' careers to end
But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them
Molly, I'm gone off you
Man, light some kush
You're my first take, I'll nail you
Can't lie, I gush
If I won you over, you would be the grand prize
I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push
You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch
Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush
Mushed against your damn side, your puss
And thighs are squished
What kind of attires that?
I'm ready to be rode
Psychopath, bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat
Light the match to ignite the wrath
Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half
Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me
Like a scab
Hard to describe in fact
Startling violent perhaps
Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that
And you aren't really surprised at that
But as far as these lines I rap
And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69ed the track

Why am I such a dick?



[Intro: Eminem]
I have no idea what I'm doing
I have no idea what I'm doing, but

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Everybody get up, sit up Christopher
They're miserable without you, Superman is a-
-live and he's flowing like the Mystic River
Girl don't act like you never been kissed before
One, two, three, four, five, six, this a
Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser
How did anybody ever find me, I disap-
-peared I was hiding in Freeway's beard, just a
Hop skip and a jump from my skin, gushing
Nails into my face that I been pushing
Hell-raiser, my face is my pincushion
It's like when I'm on the mic, I can squish a
Sucker like a vice-grip, my pen put ya
In the slaughterhouse cause ya styles been butchered
I'll spin chainsaw, take off like the blades on
My brain's on hyperdrive someone put the brakes on

[Hook]
Here's a smidget admitted to get your digits, Bridget
Don't try to fidget with it, err ribbit, ribbit
I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice
I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice

[Verse 2: Kon Artis]
I got it figure out now nigga,
See, my minds on my money right here,
And no one stopping how I getting it,
And Hind Sight should never left when I was Living,
And probably wouldn't be getting pressed by all these women,
And then again, I wouldn't rap the ones I was diggin'
So annihilate the looking, and talking alot about the hood; Kim'n, Kim'n,
Uh, so Selena Williams, just like my dad talks about more John Dick'n,
This girl talkin' how she pregrent, she crazy, so later I crushed that hoe, and left baby,
And never trust her, no shit! Even she specialize in massaging on my testicles, 
And I never trust her, a whole lot, even on the first date, she basically get her mouth rimmed,
And turn around and ask me for a kiss, no bitch I'm straight, 
And I never really get concerned how my own dick tastes,
I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice,
I think I'm about to slip on your swag juice,
Oh, no! No! Don't slip on your swag juice,
Ye, ye! I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice.

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Slim is in the house, simmer down there sister
Bound to get you dizzy cause he gets as busy as a
Bee, baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard
He'll catch it in his teeth, what is he? He's a wizard
Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit
And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick, is it?
Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya
I want a kiss 'fore I blow this bitch to smithe-
-reens, get the guillotines, this is a situ-
-ation that's critical as Dre spins his, uh
Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissor
Cheka chicka, checka chicka, cheka-cheka chicka
Who wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker
Wait a minute, I just dropped my necklace in the liquor
Now baby just to make a little breakfast and it's six o-
-clock in the morning 'less you want to get some dessert



[Eminem]
Yeah

[Jazmine Sullivan]
Oh

[Eminem]
This game's like cocaine

[Jazmine Sullivan]
I want this more than anything in the world

[Eminem]
Ha, so do I. At least I thought I did.

[Jazmine Sullivan]
Got to have it
Yeah, I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah, Iím feigning

[Eminem - Verse 1]
This is a beat with no words at first
It's a blank painting
Exercising the mind is brain strength training
Starts off with something, like Shady's an insane maniac,
Yeah, Slim Shady, that's a zany name, ain't it?
Now all you need's an image to go with the name, baby
Wife beaters and white t-shirts, Hanes mainly
It's a long shot, but is it possible there's a lane, maybe?
If not, he's gonna have to come and change the whole game, ain't he?
He wants the fame so bad he can taste it
He could see his name up in lights
Women screaming his fuckiní name, fainting
Shady did it, he sold out the whole dang stadium
Joe Schmoe made it, he took his Plain Jane lady and his baby Hailie out the trailer
But he ainít trailing anymore, heís ahead of the race
While maintaining his innocence
Little does he know, his train is derailing
And heís about to be raped by this game anally

[Jazmine Sullivan - Hook]
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
'Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave

Got to have it
Yeah, I made it
I'm addicted
Yeah, I'm feigning

[Eminem - Verse 2]
Youíre operating on all cylinders
Syllables spit like Dillingerís spilling ya guts
People are feeling ya mic skills, but these haters are ice grilliní ya
Willing to sacrifice anything for the life that they might steal from ya
Fake friendsíll kill for ya, die for ya
But you canít decipher ìwhy?î for the life of ya
It wasnít like this when you were Cypheriní
Argue wití your wife again
She found vicodin in your pants last night again
Your disputeís public, nothing is private anymore
Oh, and your best friend? Say bye-bye to him
What kinda apple you take a biteía, Slim?
(This is what you wanted Marshall, ainít it?)
Fuck no!
The way that it turned out was nothiní like the picture that I painted in my head
Sometimes a dream to make it, itís more fun than it is to actually make it
The game stripped me naked
It robbed me ever having another real relation-
-ship, with another girl
This world is a fuckiní trip
ëCause I slip in another world, proceed, take another hit
Sniff ítil I fuckiní hurl, tell ëem all to fuckiní sit
And spin ítil they fuckiní twirl, middle finger up again
Relapsing back in this game
Oh well, fuck it, then

[Jazmine Sullivan - Hook]
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
ëCause once you get in, you don't wanna leave

Got to have it
Yeah, I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah, Iím feigning

[Jazmine Sullivan - Verse 3 Outro]

Start off right
Just to see your name in lights
Just so you can live the life
You take a bite
And lose your sight
They call this (Fame)

You think you good (ha ha)
Just cause you got out the hood
Concerned only with getting dough,
No longer poor but lost your soul They call this.. (Fame)

I hear it callin'
My name is callin'
Why you strugglin'
When you could be ballin'
My head is sayin' yeah
But my feet is stallin'
So many walk in
But any fallin'
But I got to have it
Like Eve and the apple
She had to grab it
I got to take it
I got to make it
That's the plan
And I can't forsake it.

[Jazmine Sullivan - Hook]
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
ëCause once you get in, you don't wanna leave

Got to have it
Yeah, I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah, Iím feigning
('Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave)

[Eminem]
Guess I can't leave then
Guess I'm addicted
Oh well



[Eminem Talking]

[Eminem] 
In my mind I'ma fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics.
Who wait for me to slip with it, so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling an I am not felling
You fuckers are not ready, cause I got jelly, like Beyonce's pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm of running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Chorus - 2Pac]
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone, Constantly armed
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned

[Eminem 2x]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me. 

[2Pac]
Follow me tell me if you feel me 
I think niggaz is tryin to kill me 
Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me 
Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal 
my criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel 
See niggaz is false, sittin in court, turned snitches 
that used to be real, but now they petrified bitches 
I'm tryin to be strong, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone, Bitches be warned.
word is bonb, you'll get torn
I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggaz wrong 
And then it's on, before I leave picture me 
I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free 
Watch me set it, niggaz don't want it, you can get it 
Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it 
This Thug Life nigga, we don't cater to you hoes 
Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do', with fo

[Chorus]



"Other man!"

I stand in slapped by the wind as I begin
Do you know who I am? And many reply with a grin
Yes, I'm tired of being obtruded
Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted
To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?"
So I find myself in a certain obligatory
A place that I dwell in, fell into some wonderful productions
To make up for lost time, and then it brings obstruction
Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile
A mental projectile, I aim at the reptile
I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this
"Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?"
Is there a reason for this? The hindrance is aggravating
How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading?
Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead
There's so much more to learn and pages left to be read
So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor
While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor
Words can weigh a ton
Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one

"Yeah", "It's another"

Very few have made an attempt to put in a foot on the other side
But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind
And some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred
Wrong, the world would never endure to arguing
Awaking to the absence of unity is startling
"Oh foolish pride, what the hell are you trying to do?
You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to"
Your echoing words that mean nothing are despicable
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable
You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless faceless
Damn, you're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this
Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles
The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverance of a starchild
Blessed with formidable talent and versatility
But with such a power, there comes a responsibility
To infringe on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear
To form an alliance is something even the giants fear
So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin
Refusal of usin' is accepted now it's a trend

"Yeah", "It's another..."

You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along
You hate me but you know me and what I stand for
No. so then why do you speak for me
And every other white man when you that we're your enemy?

On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for
Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me
I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry
But [?] is isolated, apologies are exhausted
Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted
Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted
Switch to the opposite, now scenes are being re-enacted
Pull up that boy by his roots, destroy him quick
His fracture's obviating, we hate him, his patterns past us, huh
Always fighting for the position of top dog
That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog
Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine
But I'm always having to prove myself, time after time
Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast
Judged from the past and he's put last
And others with nothing to say
Stutterin' and slurrin' and mutterin' words with no meaning attack be signin' like Danny Kaye
Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin
And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please
I've got a craving



Yo, alright, yo
I'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping
I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming
The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out
I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house
With both of my wrists slit, I'm lifted up in the air
And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there
I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck
While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death
But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches
Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes
Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes
Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes
Door's open and close by themselves, books fly off shelves
Curtains catch fire, the house melts
My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters
The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters
Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple
Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full
But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum
It got silent, then all these voices said
"Come follow me into the pits of Hell"
I heard 'em yell "Welcome to the Norman Bates Motel!"
I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother
Covered in dry blood, head still dented from the shovel
I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest
She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess
And told me that's just for starters, Satan'll be in to see me later
To see if I'm interested in being partners



Fuck an intro man, let's go.

I come around like what goes around
what goes up must come down
anyone who comes up must go down
might as well go for the gusto now
better not let up, better not let them breathe
last shot give it all you got
try to turn me down bitch get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs
hoes I hope all you rot
2 bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought?
and you wanna menage a trois you twats
fuck that I'd rather turn this club to a bar room brawl
get as rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
like a leech stuck in a vacuum, yall ain't nothing but a whole lot of suckin', goin' on in rap
yeah but I'm home
Bad to the bone,
Back in the zone,
Let him alone
You don't wanna go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you're on
crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain no oxygen
other words there's no heir to the throne
when I die so does hip hop
Hitchcock, better shit bitch ass got, a zip locked in a bag
you fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top
keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone like I'm in the twilight,
talking of my bone this is my mic dog I like hogging it
flow so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganing
I'm water logging it, I'm sogging it
pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
suplex it on cement like I'm on some straight outta Compton shit
take this dick and chomp on it
I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment
jackass eat a donkey dick
the game I just about conquered it, like Donkey Kong
I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit!
I reign supreme in this honkey shit!
no sense screaming, and arguing
makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in!
you think you ball well I palm it
I throw up bombs when I vomit
boy I throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omelette
but you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy it's obvious
you can tell I go right off the bat
no pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head
tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
I catch a fly in that bitch you think you fly you just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that superman dude
guess I just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and baboozled
confused as usual and you can get ripped she can open a can too
but you better hope you can handle the heat
or stay the fuck outta hell's kitchen
I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken
yeah it's shady slut the rest can suck on a big one
cos I'm as despicable, as Daffy Duck when I'm spitting,
(ha ha recovery)



[2Pac]
Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear them anymore
Got me heartbroken,fine, so many babies screaming
Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being
So they start smoking weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly, some bodies else's child caught in guns
Smoking weed, can all make a change
So I'm told, but I haven't seen the change unfold,
I keep hoping please, if you prefer to breathe,
Communities in need of people that will lead
Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try
Until the day I die

[Chorus - 2Pac]
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style,
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops

[50 Cent]
Putting money on my head
Go on and get your refund motherfucker, I ain't dead I'm the diamond in the dirt,
That ain't been found I'm the underground king and
I ain't been crowned When I rhyme, something special happen every time
I'm the greatest, something like
Ali in his prime
I walk the block with the bundles I've been knocked on the humble
Swing the ox when I rumble Show your ass what my gun do
Got a temper nigga, go ahead, lose your head
Turn your back on me, get clapped and lose your legs
I walk around gun on my waist, chip on my shoulder
Till I bust a clip in your face, pussy, this beef ain't over
If it wasn't for rain Joy wouldn't feel so good, if it wasn't for pain

[Chorus - 2Pac]
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style,
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops

[Eminem]
Let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen
Let's pretend things would have been no different
Pretend he procrastinated, had no motivation
Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin they could blow away with the wind
Marshall, you're never gonna make it makes no sense to play the game there ain't no way that you'll win
Pretend he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends
Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend
And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changing again
He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid
He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit
And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit
Fuck a talent show in a gymnasium, bitch, you won't amount to shit quit daydreaming kid
You need to get your cranium checked you thinking like an alien and just ain't realistic
Now pretend they ain't just make him angry with this shit
And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed it
And his alarm went off to wake him but he didn't make it to the Rap Olympics
Slept through his plane and he missed it
He's gon' have a hard time explaining to Hailie and Lainie these food stamps and this WIC shit
Cause he never risked shit he hoped and he wished it but it didn't fall in his lap so he ain't even here
He pretends that



[Verse 1]
They ask me am I okay,
They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinely care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never gotta say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me,
What the fuck good does that do me now,
But somehow I know you're near me in presence
Oh, I went and dropped some presents off easter to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you'll never believe this but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how could you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If it's true how the fuck am I supposed to get over you,
Difficult as it sounds...

[Verse 2]
Doody, that's what we called each other,
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us,
We was always brothers
Never thought about each other's skin colours
'Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over and your shirt is off
I'm like you gonna fry and you're like,
"No I wont, I'm black stupid
And black people they got melanin
in their skin, we don't burn"
Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I feel
Like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them Playboy rings,
My Mother stole from you
Well Nate finally got 'em back
Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago,
Well I put 'em in your cask-oww
Moving past it, it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget
The Motor City, Motown,
hip hop vet, hip hop Shop, dreads
it don't stop there
Yeah, as difficult as it sounds...

[Verse 3]
And this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pagers,
All our cell numbers has changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you ain't
Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressing on
Don't ever give up the dream dawg,
I got love for you all
And Doody, it's true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker Doody,
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen, it had to happen
Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
Getting arrested
To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn't show up for court
So we got off on a technicality, left sweating
Me, you and what's his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face
And that's on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
Just before we were supposed to get in cars
To come and see you once more
Difficult as it sounds...



[Chorus:]
Oh, all around the World,
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo

[Eminem:]
I can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling

[Eminem:]
I eat rappers with the rhyme, consume 'em
The only fucking thing that you consume is time
I'm super human, my world is like a Rubik's cube
It's too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming
My mentality's caveman stupid woman
My life is Truman show, all I have is music hoe
I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago
So pretend my dick is a balloon and blow
Cause you better put a fork in it if you think I'm a lay here just spooning yo
Oh you think you the shit 'cause I just said you was beautiful
Diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair follicle and cuticle
Rotten to the core, to the bunghole all the way down to my soul, from my head to my toe...
Ever since I was thirteen I learned how to sew, so shut my own booty hole
Cause I ain't took no shit since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow
I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'm a set this bitch on fire
And this time I don't mean I'm a pour gasoline on some chick and light her
Cause this time when I fuck this world I'm put my whole God-damn dick inside her
I ain't even put my tip in that hoe yet
I'm go get Nickel and try to rip it wider

[Chorus:]
Oh, all around the World,
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo

[Royce:]
Classical poems
Battle my own demons
I need a glass of Patron
Bad as I need a horn
Stabbing my clavicle bone
I'm matador prone
First time I seen a desert eagle
I was letting the 44 buss
The 44 pop
First time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs
Looking at Robocop
I'm not a man, I'm a logo, I'm sustain
In order to clean my veins you need saline
I'm never referring to the solution
I'm talking about more like the mustang vroom
Get respect from the get-go, hello
Set to the echo, psycho
Pen got a mind of it's own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise
I'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song
As the echo follows the Maserati
As the petrol swallows,
I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton
Check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant
I'm fly like I'm, killing the scene like I'm a villain with wings
I'll sleep when I'm 6 feet deep,
Right now I'm living a dream
Though we may be reckless
The ladies check us
They whisper "Shady Records"
Baby echo

[Chorus:]
Oh, all around the World,
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo



[Hook: Lazie Boi]
Cause baby I'm lonely
Can somebody hold me
It feel like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground
It feels like I'm only
Trying but slowly
It feels like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground
No more

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Probably one of my realest loves ever, four page letters
In time itís all better, ëcause time heal whatever
I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever
Cars with cream leather, females are on regular
Whatís the point in titles, we liking it how they tell us
Iíd rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready
Now ready, Sean Don got me feeling heavy
She like one more chance, more problems, no Biggie, ah
Itís all good, donít take it the wrong way
Ainít nothing personal, but who this nigga in your face?
We can leave together or you can take your space
The night young, we should head over to my place
Ha, now we laughing and all that
Tell your friend they can fall back
Ainít even gotta ask twice
She said what you feeling like?
I'm like...

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
My enemies crack corn but I don't care

You can be black white or albino yeah
You can have cornrows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head

A little bit psycho but I know that
Think you just don't say it and I won't say it
See if you don't brag then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
Little bit like the boy who cried wolf did
See me but don't dare to try no shit
Cuz you know that somewhere inside those layers
The rattlesnakes right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quite and strike so fast
Like lightening bolts right out the sky go blast

[Hook]



I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight

Farewell miss I know that you can care less
But I'm sorry for everything I was careless
But I need you to know that I love you so much
And I've been drinking myself to sleep my soul's crushed
A couple more shots I know I'm gonna go nuts
I can't deal with the fact you left me with no crutch
I was in love with you how could you do this to me
Actually I did this to myself, what a tragedy!
And now what do I do?
Where do I go?
Cause everywhere I go I see your face
It's hard starting over
Trying to find another shoulder
To lean on
I feel like my whole life just got peed on
They say time heals but dammit I wanna stop time and feel this pain
As crazy as it sounds to me it's sane
And I like it, why? 'cause I feel like we're still united
In some weird way I don't wanna fight it

I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight

I wrote you the other day and you didn't write back!
It's like that!? after all the crap we been through!?
I can't believe you! I know I fucked up!
But look within you and find some love and stop being stuck up!
You keep sending me to voicemail!
I'm annoyed, hell!, shit you coulda at least sent a text
But you're probably busy kissing someone else's lips
While I'm sitting here cleaning my shoes from this shit!
You're hard headed a sharp headache
I need help call a medic
I just cut myself, yeah, I did it
Without you I'm nothing don't you get it!?
Every time that I said I loved you I meant it!
You turn and tell me you hate me and regret that
We ever met, I can't believe you just said that
You're so cold you just hit me so low
I can't take this no more, so hit the road

I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight

Some things just don't seem the way they do
One day you tell me I love you and only you
I wake up to find out it was a dream
You're telling me you hate me, you're leaving me
People change everything changes
We go from best friends then become strangers
We go from seeing each other everyday then
Farewell to never seeing your face again

I can't get you outta of my head
So I'm out of bed at 4 in the morning
Wishing I was dead
But for some odd reason I can't do it
For some reason I needed to write
What's on my mind and what's going through it
Cause if I don't I'll probably suffocate
Why do you have so much hate
Towards me you need some loving babe
God I fucking love you I hate myself
For falling in love with you
Just to find out all I did was trouble you
My heart is aching I'm medicated
I tried meditating
But nothing works I don't even feel sedated
I wish you could feel what I feel for one second
I reckon you would jump out your window bare naked
Fuck humiliation, you do anything to get me back
Opinions wouldn't matter what they thought in fact
You would tell everyone to fuck themselves good
And do everything to have me if you could

I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight



(First Word, Excrement)

Exclimate, is that what you said?
My next defense, against these extra men
Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again

(Vaseline)

You little sickass, I'll spray em with gasoline
They try to jack me off with Vaseline
My ass is mean, I smash your spleen
When I crash the scene

(Cell Phone)

With a cell phone, now who the hell is home?
Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words

(Animal Crackers)

Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards
Ha ha, I got it, that's not it
Fake rappers been spotted

(Broken Headphones)

Like broken headphones, you head home, you sped home
You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones
So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word for your mother

(Stretch Armstrong)

Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming
Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach
And star wars, this car's a Taurus
Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause I'm drunk off

(Peanut Butter)

Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter
Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter

(Mark Whalberg)

Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'mma step on him like dogshit
A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with

(Pulp Fiction)

With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction
Like slurpees, got herpes, got a hair piece, rest my anises[?]
Got brain damage, I'm dumber than rain man is
There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich
Hurry up, give me one, rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none

(Fresh vegetables)

With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you
You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I
Be-

(Preparation H)

Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme
Just shut up for one more time, while I just shine, on this
Microphone, cause I'mma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this
I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word

(Nostradamus)

That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas
And coming back to get your parents, well I have it
These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold
Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole

(Times Square)

In Times Square, I got blonde hair, I'm higher than con air
Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare
In a lawn chair, cause I'm there

(Kurt Russell)

With Kurt Russell, saying "come here Goldie, you want my love muscle?"
I know you want it, I get blunted, then I
Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees

(Taxicab)

With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad
Where we going? Don't ask me dad
Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you
Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag
Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass?
Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary
For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest

(Flamingos)

What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo
Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?

(DT's fired)

But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired
Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top
Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch
Damn, see my big ick? Catch
Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it
Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out, I get ill with the skill
Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady
Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady
Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi
Bye bye



"Yo man.. Yo Marsh man, You've been kickin' all this shit about yourself, what about the homies man?"

"Ai, you want one about the posse, Aight" 

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, ph, ohh
Foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride

Well foolish pride has alot of things to say
You got foolish pride, you got tooth decay
But tooth decay is another problem
So let's take this old foolish pride and solve it
Now, when I talk about foolish pride
I mean blacks & whites taking different sides
When blacks and whites take different sides
Unity never happens, and we will subside
We will subside and hatred will release
And everything will just crush that peace
Well, when we crush that peace, we start hatin' each other
But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister
Just like I'm a mister
I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her
I kissed her; I placed it on her cheek
And she didn't come back til next week

Now it was next week and she was back again
Wanting to kiss a white kid
So she was my girlfriend, we started going out
But that's okay because we were Black and white
Blacks and whites they sometimes mix
But Black girls only want your money cause they're dumb chicks
So I'ma say like this
Don't date a Black girl, take it as a diss
If you want, but if you don't
I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't
Never date a Black girl because Blacks only want your money
And that shit ain't funny

So I'ma say look honey
Why do you do this?
You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus
Then you try to grab my spinach
Because its green and that's cash
So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass
I said that before, but that's okay because like I said you're a whore
Black girls and white girls just don't mix
Because Black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks
White girls are good; I like white girls
I like white girls all over the world
White girls are fine and they blow my mind
And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme
'Cause Black girls, I really don't like
We don't mix, it's like riding a bike
When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways
You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you
I'm giving you a little advice
Don't date a Black girl, if you do it once you won't do it twice
You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money
And that ain't funny
So I'ma say look honey
I thought I said that before
But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore
So when mike catch on the bass line
That's okay 'cause we will not just waste time

I'll get straight to the point
Black girls are bitches, that's why I'ma tell ya you better pull up your britches
'Cause all that cash is making your ass drag
From the boyfriend ya ganked and that's pretty bad
I mean that's pretty sad when ya dating a Black guy
And then you turn around and fuck another big, Black guy
Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking
But that's okay because you need a goddamn spanking
From me, the funky Eminem
I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm
I'm busting a freestyle just like this
I say swallowing phlegm and Howard gets pissed
But when Howard gets pissed that's okay
Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days
So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it
I cross that bridge when I come to it

Because, I forgot the chorus
But that's okay 'cause y'all saying bust a rhyme for us
So I'ma bust another rhyme about this Black girl
She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl
A wack girl, because Black girls ain't funny
All they want is your godamn money
They take you for everything you got
And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand
So I'ma kick it to you just like this
How does the chorus go, I forgot
But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride
I'ma say oh foolish pride

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh
Date a white girl, 'cause they got the raw hide...



[Intro: x2]
I done figured this rap shit out
I map shit out strategically
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
To my success, it's worked for me repeatedly
Let 'em diss you first, and respond immediately
And order the mask til they want a war, don't start a war
Shit not no more, we done scared em off, there are no more
Victims to stick I'm fixin to pick some and start shit
I'm outta [repeat]
Pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at
Ain't got no more targets, shit Irv and Jeff
We done beat em to death, Benzino went deaf
There seems to just be no one left to bully
Bush is pussy
Why the fuck you think his name's Bush?
Puss is bushy
Ain't shit goin on, shit I been gettin so bored lately
I'm thinkin of doin some shit to get you to go and hate me again
To tell the truth, I liked the shit better then
Shit I could spit better, I'm bout to kick this sick shit again, look
The game just isn't the same, it's changin
Shit Dre's quittin, Jay'z quittin, now it's just gangstas just sayin the same shit
It's ancient, it's fakin
It's makin me so bored, I'mma just make a new language
Fubba you cubba kubba, yubba obubba uba
Yubba can subbabick my dubbibbabick through a tooba
Summaladoomalama
I'm not a human I'm a supersonic neurobonic suicidal unibomber
You think I'm a nuisce, I'm impressive I'm the new Madonna
Jeffery Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on
A lotta talk and rumors honest whos the hottest, to be honest
Hip hop ain't been the same since Tupac moved to Cuba on us



[Sample 4x:]
"Fuck it, friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the end"

[Eminem:]
I shoulda been able to see that you were the one behind this
But I was blind as fuck to think that you weren't the kind that stuck some more in the spine this
It was as if our friendship broke in half
And watch you turn everything into a game and joke and laugh
And both of us know we can't discuss the situation
Like adults each confrontation just results in accusations and insults
So I'ma just let it go for now
And leave you be, it's over now
What goes around comes back around
Believe you me, lay low for now, come here you fuckin'

[Hook - Proof:]
Come here you fuckin' backstabber
Why I oughta, beat a bitch nigga from the hood, haha
Come here you fuckin' backstabber
Why I oughta, beat a nigga that's up to no good, haha

[Sample 2x]

[Eminem:]
Why don't you take a second to stop and think about what you done
And you want to call that being a friend, that isn't what you want
All because of what you run your mouth, you wanna prance around and gloat?
Let's see how well you dance around when I got my hands around your throat
Cause it's a matter of time till I get my blows in and it won't be long
You shouldn't go walkin' around and stickin' your nose in where it don't belong
Cause every time you talked when you was stretchin the truth
Theres gonna be one more flyin' knuckle you're gonna catch in the tooth
Come here, come here you fuckin'

[Hook]

[Sample 2x]

[Eminem:]
Come here you lil double-crossing goin behind my back snitcher
Good for nothin but trouble causin instigating fact switcher
You were the least that I suspected
Till the puzzle fell into place with every piece that I selected
But I'll never let that crap happen again
You come back blabbin' again
Catch it smack dab in the chin
That's for backstabbin a friend
Cause every name in the book
Wouldn't be enough
So I just figured I'd say your name in the hook
Check it out, come here you fuckin

[Hook]

[Sample 4x]

[Proof:]
Backstabbers don't live too long
Around my way friendships betrayed
In the hood you die for that!
For those that don't love this combat and verbally say this
This could relate to the death of a backstabber
Thats like the desire to make total discombobulation and combustion of the neck
The backstabber for the female, you skeezin' ass bitch nigga!
So remember, the backstabber always loses in the end
A friend is a friend to the end
F-R-I for Fri, E-N-D a friend for the end..yes
To eternity..the backstabber shall never flourish
Take em out...



[Eminem:]
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe, 'til I see what I wanna see
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently, you just being hurt
This ain't gonna work for me
It just wouldn't be, sufficient enough
Cause we, are just gonna be, enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us
Coming to terms, where we can agree
There ain't gonna be, no reasoning, speaking wit me
You speak on my seed, then me, no speak-a ingles
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefing, unless
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen
And you're gonna see, this gangster pee on himself
I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely
I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony
Come on bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too!

[Chorus:]
Now go to sleep bitch
Die, motherfucker, die
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch (what)
Why are you still alive
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes
And go to sleep bitch (what)
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye
Go to sleep bitch (what)
Why are you still alive
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch

[Obie Trice:]
We got you niggas nervous
On purpose, to hurt your focus
You's not MC's, you's worthless
You's not them G's, you's a circus
You's no appeal, please
You's curtains, you use words Kool Herc slurred in two thousand third
You's purping, you's no threat, who's ya serving
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth
And as I mold, I become a curse
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You's not the streets, you's the desk
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth

[Chorus]

[DMX:]
Hey dog, I'mma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'mma stay blazing New York with the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowing
But I'mma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy going with the same one that started the fight
He be knowing how dog get, when dog don't bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand Champ, and my Blood Line is tight
Cuz it's all good, it's all right
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track
Damn, dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
All you motherfuckers, take that
Here, take this too, bitch
Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Wahoo
We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you
Fake ass gangsters
No more press
No more press
Rot, motherfuckers, rot
Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless, no more fame
Ahh, hahahaha
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha



[Introduction:]
Shut up and sing
Listen Gone Again.....

[Eminem - Verse 1:] 
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

[Jay-Z - Verse 2:]
They say "they never really miss you til you dead or you gone"
So on that note I'm leaving after the song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long
Atleast let me tell you why I'm this way, Hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adaness Revees
Who made love under the Siccamore tree 
Which makes me
A more sicker M.C. and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds when I was born I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare
I made it from birth and I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose
I ain't perfect I care
But I feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear
Now I'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school got good grades could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

[Eminem - Verse 3:]
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

Listen Gone Again...



Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this

[Chorus]
You can hate me all you want 
It don't phase me, its so crazy
I let these motherfuckers worry about what I'm doing
But they need to worry about them goddamn selves
I just do me 
You should be doing you not trying to copy on me
I got this locked from the burbs to the projects
Now none of you worry cause I got next

[Eminem]
This rap shit out I map shit strategically
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
To my success it's worked for me repeatedly
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
Let them diss you first respond immediately
In order to master art of war don't start a war shit not no more
We done scared them off there are no more
Victims to sick I'm fixing the pics 
I'm a start shit ain't got no pictures to rip
And shit to throw darts at 
Ain't got no more targets shit Irv and Jeff   
We don't beat em to death benzino in dept
Just be no one left to bully 
Bush is pussy, why the fuck you think in name's bush
Puss is bushy ain't shit going on shit I been getting so bored lately
I'm thinking of doing some shit
To get you to go and hate me again

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
The game just isn't the same its changing
Shit Dre's quitting Jay's quitting
Now its wanksta they're saying the same shit
It's ancient its fake 
Its making me so bored I'ma just make a new language
Fubba U cuppa cubba Uppa u Uppa Oobba
Youbba can Susubba my dadabbadick throug the tuba
Some other rumour lama I'm not a huma I'ma
Supersonic new robotic suicidal Unabomber
You think I'm the new osama
Press thinks I'm a new madonna
Jeffry Dahmer left me 
With his legacy to carry on a
Lot talk and rumors on us 
Who's the hottest to be honest 
Hip hop ain't been the same since tupac moved to cuba on us

Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us

[Chorus]

You can hate all you want, but I don't give it a thought
Coz you don't know about me
Its really that simple, I can fit in a thimble whatcha
Know about me?
They ain't feeling my songs, I tell the haters be gone coz 
You don't know about me...better het use to the fact
That I be doing this tracks until they know about me

Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this

[Chorus]



[Chorus]
Come get me
Motherfuckers if you want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na

[Eminem]
Makaveli rest in peace
Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti

[Chorus 2x]

[Eminem]
You ain't no killer, you a pussy
That ecstasy got you all emotional and moushy
Bitches wearing rags in photos, Ja's words being quoted
In the SOURCE, stealing 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it
You loud mouth, pray to god, hoping no ones listening
See 50 coming for me, I'ma guard my, my position
No one will pay attention
To me, please Gotti, here I go
Gimme this pill, ecstasy got me feeling so
Invincible
Now all of a sudden I'm a fucking mad man who screams
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not, enemies, Hennesy
Acting like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm CRAZY
Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train
Some say my brain is all corrupted, fuck from this shit
I'm stuck, I'm addicted from these drugs, I'ma quit
Saying motherfucker's name's before someone fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker

[Eminem Sings]
Come get me
If you motherfuckers want Shady
If Pac was still here now,
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na

Get off that E
Before you try to fuck with me
It's Aftermath here now
Shady Records got it locked
La, la, la, la , la, la, la, la

[50 Cent]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalize, my bitches bring me product by the bundles
Hustle hard from the cell, G-Unit motherfucker, WE BALLING
Catch me counting trees when I'm calling
Can you set my car, Ceo let me sip on Henessy, "Can I sips some more?"
Hell, I done been in jail, I ain't scared
Momma checking in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Motherfuckers think they can stop 50... they losing it
Lil' nigga named Ja, thinks he live like me
Talking about he left the hospital, took 9 like me

[50 Cent]
You living fantasies nigga
I'll Reject your Deposit
When yo lil sweet ass coming out of the closet
now he wondering why DMX blow him out
next time grown folks talking bitch close your mouth
Peep me I take this war shit deeply
Seen too many real niggas balling like these bitch niggas beat me
yous a motherfucking punk and you see me with gloves
quit scaring them fucking kids with ya ugly ass mug
and you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want
but you and i know whats going on Nigga pay back I know your bitch ass from way back
Witness be strap with macs You know I don't play that
All these old rappers trying to advance its all over now -- take it like a man
HAHA--Irv looking like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
trying to play hate on my shit - man eat a fat dick
Loving this shit, thats how you made me-feeling like I got you niggas crazy, i like
Against all odds up with my dogs motherfuckers now
It'll be the realist shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio getting blow to the truest shit i ever
spoke 21 gun salute

[Busta Rhymes:]
Hey yo I'm one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core
Hey Jeffrey, What the fuck you come involving me for?
You spent a long time coming like a bless and a check
you see 106 and park fans don't even fucking respect you
It's kinda funny, wanna be PAC wanna be fake like he thug
running around talking shit that he ain't even capable of
now let me OFF this cock sucker watch me handle you nigga
If i recall Violator use to manage you nigga then took a closer look and
realized you was an empostor theres never been a Violator on a Murda Inc rosta. Dumb ass
now who shoot? -- Ah made you look, you said Busta singing the same old hook, You Stupid
if yall shoot I take a look at ya man the bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
Chedda Bob ass nigga start adjusting ya plan
you let the streets down nigga - Apologize to ya fans
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know where you are ya lil faggot
desperate be trying while we establish a buzz I know the shit is driving you crazy You wondering how
The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefing with you
I think about the game and what its like and "WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU"
You finished I ain't trying to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn't
take my kindness for weakness

[Busta speaking in background]
Ooh shit ha ha That was fun Next time you got a problem with me, Address me
before you try to make the shit a public issue homie, I'm return back to my regular
self and have fun again
-One



[2Pac]
Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray

[radio tuning in]

[Ja Rule]
Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?

[Em & Hailie]
[E] AH-HA! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
[H] What?
[E] Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
[H] Okay
[E] We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!
[H - laughs]

[Vesre 1]
[Swift]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
Lookit what the fuck you done got into
I see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a regular guy
If Pac was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
And all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths
It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
[Obie Trice]
Do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas
So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
Regime it's a little extreme
Neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the tv screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holliday how it happen?
Artist for Repetuar saw him in action
Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reinact him, you go platinum
They seen it for sure, I know that Afina Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy, Shady
Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas

[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
Don't make me, too hot and you're not
Shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

[Verse 2]
[Kuniva]
Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late greal one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
You niggaz can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse
[Proof]
Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on
Put you ear to the ground for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business you ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggaz ?? and ain't scurred to bust
[Kon Artis]
Word to my nigga Bugs, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video tryin mock Pac
You 'Mockaveli', get your own identity

[Chorus]
[Eminem overdubs chorus]
Yeah!
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
I'll fuck you up boy!
Never! Never in your muthafuckin life!
I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!

[Obie Trice speaking]
That's right muthafuckas
Shady records, whatchu know about it?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this Obie Triceright here talkin to you muthafuckas
Ja Rule punk ass... Yea!
Fuckin Soul For Real ass...
Nigga that's Soul For Real,
That the nigga from Soul For Real!
Candy Rain ass nigga...
He got a deal now he rappin'
You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent...
Hailie Jade!!!
[50 Cent (laughing)]

[Hailie]
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?
[Eminem]
No honey, you guys are the same size...



[Japanese voice]
Jigoku e iku no wa.. omae ga saki da!

[Announcer]
Welcome back, to the stage of history

[Eminem]
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you 
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal 
I ain't tryin to shoot you, 
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it 
while I sit back and just hope it catches 
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes

[Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)]

I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down

[J-Black]
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?

[Chorus 1/2]

[Announcer]
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!

[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care

[Chorus]

[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim..
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
Haha..

[Announcer]
Time's up!
You lose!

[Japanese woman's voice]
Katta ne.



[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life

[Eminem:]
I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back
But I donít even know if I believe it when Iím sayin' that
Doubts startin' to creep in, every day it's just so grey and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that, 'cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for ëem, they just say it's wack, but they donít know what dope is
And I donít know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you
But for the life of me, I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son, demons fighting you, itís dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin' mic
Or you gon' hug me, but I'm outta options, there's nothin' else I can do 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life

[Eminem:]
It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas
You say they're just pieces, so Iím puzzled, 'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you're either gettin' lazy or you donít believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision you keep questionin' yourself
Second guessin' and it's almost like your beggin' for my help
Like Iím your leader, you're supposed to fuckin' be my mentor
I can endure no more I demand you remember who you are
It was YOU, who believed in me when everyone was tellin'
You don't sign me, everyone at the fuckin' label, let's tell the truth
You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy, Dre, Iím cryin' in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe it's my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't givin' up faith and you ain't givin' up on me
Get up Dre I'm dyin', I need you, come back for fuckís sake, 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life

(I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life)

[Dr Dre:]
It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
They said they was ridin' to the death, but where the fuck are they now?
Now that I need them, I don't see none of them
All I see is Slim, fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
Fuckin' backstabbers, when the chips were down you just laughed at us
Now you bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath, faggots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
And the crackers' ass, little cracker jack beat
Makin' wack math, backwards producers, I'm back bastards
One more CD and then Iím packin' up my bags and as Iím leavin'
Iíll guarantee they scream, "Dre, donít leave us like that man!" 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life



Your mother, you fuckin faggot

La da da, da da da, da da [repeated]

Aiyo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Schrody
Rest in peace, we aint forget about you, you fuckin homo
We still remember

There once was a man who liked to jump around (jump around)
But he got too old to jump up and down (up and down)
(so then what happened?)
So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up (picked the guitar up)
(and then he what?)
Started singin the blues like there's no tomorrow (no tomorrow)
(come on) Left his boys in the house of pain (the house of pain)
It was the wisest decision he ever made (ever made)
But the dumbest thing he could ever do (could ever do)
Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do)

[Chorus]
Cause I remember all those years
How it was when you were here
I remember how it was, how it was when you were young
Yesterday was so long ago (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more

I remember back when you had The Knack (had the knack)
And i remember when you had your first heart attack (heart attack)
I was right there laughin when I heard the news (heard the news)
I just wish the cardiac would'a murdered you (would'a murdered you)
Maybe Ice-T's right, you are a bitch (you are a bitch)
You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich (leave when you're rich)
But the dumbest thing that you could ever do (you could ever do)
Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do)

[Chorus]

Yo (yo) yo (yo) yo (yo)
Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford
Before his heart attack had him on life support
When house of pain was out of fame like someone doused the flame
And they became destined to never jump around again 
Or even further back, when I first had heard The Knack
And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man
I was into it
But then you went and took your style and switched the shit
Now you sound ridiculous you dickless piece of shit,
How could you diss me, bitch?
I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude,
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you
Started rhymin, then you left the room 
and didn't say goodbye or nothin?
Like you mad that someone else was
White and tried to rhyme or somethin
I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin
But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish {Muslim}
Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a {Muslim} too
Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do
What's up with you? 
I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me?
Knowin I could rap circles around you, what, you nuts as me?
Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin sing
And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string
But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you
I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92
So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you
And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues

[Chorus x2]

You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy, fuck
And by the way, a 380's a fuckin sissy gun
If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin real gun
You little bitch
Next time say my fuckin name in a song
Don't be subliminal about it
You wanna fuckin diss me, diss me you fuckin faggot
You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin little bitch, fuckin cunt



Damn it feels good to be back
I'm having a relapse

How the hell did he manage
To get more felony charges?
He's already got life in jail
Man, what the hell is his problem?

Well to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic
They compelled me
To kill this elderly man

And i get these panic attacks
Pop a xanax, relax
Try to stick my fucking dick
Inside a mannequins ass

Then i get manic depressed
And the orthodontist get gas masked
Kick ass
The first thing i'll put on is the mask

Speaking of masks, man
It aint to late to have a change of pace
And take it off and show my face
So you can see the things you face
And slice you up
And cook you after your murder
By strangulation

Thats bacon souffle
You making aint you
Well thank you jason

There goes one more coma
Due to blunt force trauma
Just give me one more soma
And i'll be done for it mama

Go in the damn broom closet
Another valium lost it
Shovin the vacuums nozzle
Down the bathroom faucet

It seems like every day i get a little flakier
The medication is making my hands a little shakier
Hand me that 18 month old baby
To shake him up
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea
Breaking his neck in 80 some places

Baby here shady comes lady
He's got the razor ba-blades and the cha-cha-chainsaw-saw baby
You b-b-blundering bumbling m-m-mumbling dumm dumms
Yeah, here i come come you hear the rumbling, vrum vrum

Theres something inside of that blue tarp
And that drum drum
A head and torso of someone
Where'd it come from?

Who's it belong to
Maybe that girl with the long blond hair
Who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom poms
Clearly theres some'n wrong
'Cause she didn't come home

Shes missing
Where is she
Something fishy is going on
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs

Now everybody get your dance on
To my damn song
C'mon



[Chorus x2:]
If I die young, bury me in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song

[Lil Wayne:]
She got that good good, she Michael Jackson bad
I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass
And now we're murderers, because we kill the time
I knock her lights out and she still shine
I hate to see her go, but I love to watch her leave
But I keep her running back and forth like a soccer team
Cold as a winter day, hot as a summer's eve
Young money thieves, steal your love and leave

[Gudda Gudda:]
I like the way you walk and if you're walking my way
I'm that red bull now let's fly away
Let's buy a place, with all kind of space
I let you be the judge, n' n' and I'm the case
I'm Gudda Gudda I put her under
I see me with her, no Stevie Wonder
She don't even wonder, coz she know she bad
And I got her nigga, grocery bag

[Chorus x2:]
If I die young, bury me in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song

[Eminem:]
Man, if I could sing. I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't...
Now you probably get this picture from mu public persona
That I'm a pistol packing drug addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside my soul
And just know that I grow cold of the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breaking
Should I just give up or live up to these excpetations?
now look, I love my daughter more than life itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life living hell,
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances man, it's too bad coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facing, 3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's back, bent over backwards for this woman

[Chorus x2:]
If I die young, bury me in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song



[Dr. Dre]
Check Check, 1,2Ö1,2Ö1,2 (it's rolling)
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is.
It's what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap,
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem! show these mother fuckers what time it is baby

[Eminem]
I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if I only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it ainít latching, and can't lock it
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
Before me and just kept throwing they fucking self at it
My head is aching! I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking too long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!)
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?)
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming "Fuck the Police!"
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth (Fucking baby) 
Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo!
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick bitch!
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it with your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough you just get drunk and become talkative (Wanna Fight?) 
I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed! I'm just high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites Motherfucker? Slim Shady
[Dr. Dre] 
Dr. Dre!

[Eminem]
I'm drunk pass the tec
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
[Dr. Dre] 
Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
[Eminem]
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
[Dr. Dre]
Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

[Eminem]
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!)
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake
Donít get so bent out of shape
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees
Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby,
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter! fuck you lady!
You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the age-range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit
Hip-Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the White kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night gets silent
Either that or booed, thatís why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old

[Eminem] 
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
[Dr. Dre] 
Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
[Eminem]
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
[Dr. Dre]
Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck that, turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do [echo]



Ah, yeah (It's like this, like this)
This is Eminem, baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
('Til forever, 'til forever)
One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's)
We represent the 313, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, they don't know shit about this, for the '96

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action
A brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
I travel through your mind, and chill your spine like siren drills
I'm slimin' grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects
And twistin' necks of rappers
'Til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue
Turn your system up, twist 'em up
And indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car-tunes than animation
My lamination of narration
Hits a snare and bass on a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion
There ain't no time to be starin', gazin'
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland

I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well, I was sent from it
I went to it, serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

Bust it! I let the beat commence
So I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince
A crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's, and stand the lonely one
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator
Simulator of data eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
My a cappella releases classic masterpieces
Through telekinesis, it eases you mentally
Gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite

I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well, I was sent from it
I went to it, serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense
And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant
To do some shit that represents the MO
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me
That always wants to kill MCs
Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one else is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical, act a fool, then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin'
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo
On my last jam, plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit, and tempted
When I see the sins my friends commit

I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well, I was sent from it
I went to it, serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

'95, '96 ('96)
And on and on and on (and on and on)



"So let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?"

[scratching] What is this? what is this?

[Intro]
The Invasion! (Invasion yeah)
Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah)

[Bridge: Eminem]
I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit
D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice!
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!

[Verse: Eminem]
Whoa, here we go, I should've' known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cause then it's gonna get to the point
Where it escalates to some other shit
Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to
"Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
But you won't be able to tell
If it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the
Jigga-Ja-Jigga
Wit a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy

[Chorus: Eminem]
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gonna fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50
We the label for sure!

We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gonna fuck around and steal your paper
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50,
We gonna kill your fuckin' label for sure!

[Eminem]
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
Still watch what you say to me punk
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months [gun cocked]

[Outro]
Haha, Shady Records
Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't
Hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
Cause we do and we see y'all
We just gonna sit back for a minute
While I see what the FUCK y'all do



I've got a riddle, whatís little and talks big
With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
Thatíll do anything to throw dirt on my name
If it means walking the whole Mediterranean
Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian
No it's Dave, Raymond and oh, Osorio
So sorry whoa, but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blowís basement
I apologized foí it before, so
Either accept it or you donít
And letís move on, if I ain't shown that Iíve grown
Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts
You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each otherís butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
The question I ask is..
How can I explain this?
How can I swing this, in English language?
If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn
Do I do it in vain, or simply to entertain?
Am I being real or am I being fake
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine
Or am I caught up in this hot water
Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture
Donít let em insult ya, Iíma tell you one more ëgain
This is the environment that I was brought up ëin
But every now and ëthen, I use my ëpen
To get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon
Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism?
Your face is numb, youíre stunned you look as cold
Like that of a man whoís 70 some years old
And it only gets colder, which is why I understand
I canít be mad at a forty four year old fan
With a chip on his shoulder
Who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen
Is to put me on the front of it again
Only thing that makes him grin, is to see me frown
Papa canít stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the *** down
In his new chair that goes round and round
That he bought from new money in his bank account
That I get him every issue when the thang comes out
Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
And let his black side arm wrestle his white side
Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide
He might find someone dumb enough who might ride
But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys
Disguised as pro-black thereís no slack for a Hartford college grad
In a fitted hat and a hunch back, standing by the clearance coat rack
In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks, yeah



Let it go
Gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time.

Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time

Have you ever loved someone so much,
you'd give an arm for.
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for.
When they know they're your heart
And you know you are there armor.
And you would destroy anyone that would try to harm her.
But what happens when karma,
Turns right around and bites you.
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you,
What happens when you become the main source of the pain

'Daddy look what I made' 
'Daddy's gotta go catch a plane'
'Daddy, wheres mommy,
I cant find mommy where is she.?'
'I don't know go play Hailie baby your daddy's busy'
Daddy's writing a song
this song ain't gon' write itself,

I'll give you one underdog
and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song
and tell her you lover her.
And put hands on her mother
who's a spittin' image of her.
Thats slim shady,
yeah baby slim shady's crazy
shady made me but tonight
shadys rock-a-by-baby.

Let it go
Gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time.

Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time.

[Bow Wow]
I'm too attached
my heart wont let me fall back.
I got it bad, thats what you can call that
When I see you in the streets
thats the worse for me
Used to love the little things you did
thats what works for me.
Its too major
don't see you on my pager
Know what you doing, where you at or can I see you later?
The fellas tellin me 'just let her go bow'
believe me, I'm tryin man, I just don't know how
I be in all the top spots
leaving with all the hot shots
knowing they just want me cause I'm in the 'top spot'
Thats not poppin' and my brain ain't stoppin
thinkin,  who she with, or where she goin,
is she club hoppin'.?
I never had this kind of problem in my life
this is the first time dealin with this kind of fight.
its every night and every flight 
and everytime you in my sight 
damn this ain't even right cause..

Let it go
Gotta let it go.
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, You time, Your time.

Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time.

I keep havin this dream,
I'm pushin hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming,
she don't want me to sing.
'your making mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying'
'baby daddy ain't leaving no more'
'daddy your lyin, you always say that,
you always say this is the last time,
but you ain't leavin no more, daddy your mine'
She's piling boxes infront of the door
tryin to block it
'daddy please daddy don't leave daddy no stop it'
Goes into her pocket
pulls out a tiny necklace locket
its got a picture.
'this will keep you safe daddy take it witcha'
I look up
its just me standin in the mirror
These fuckin walls must be talkin cause man I can hear em
Their sayin you got one more chance to do right
and its tonight
now go out there and show em that you love em
before its too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
it turns to a stage, there gone
and the spotlight is on.

Let it go
Gotta let it go
keep living your life cause its your time.
Your time, Your time, Your time

Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time, Your time, Your time.



[Eminem:]
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright, stop! Pajama time

Come here, little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child investigation accusation
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK! [*fart sound*]
Oops, my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah, boy, shake that ass
Oops, I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh, baby
(AH-AH)
Oh, baby, baby
(AH-AH)

Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body

Excuse me, miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name, girl?
What's your sign?
[Dr Dre:] "Man, you must be up out your mind."
DRE! (AH-AH)
Beer goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm

Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah, boy, shake that ass
Oops, I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh, baby
(AH-AH)
Oh, baby, baby
(AH-AH)

It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt-naked
Down the street screaming
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Well, I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy, we gotcha you on tape yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch My Body!'"

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie!
Fella's (what?!) fella's (what?!)
Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go (AH-AH-AH-AH)
It's so appeasin'

Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah, boy, shake that ass
Oops, I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh, baby
(AH-AH)
Oh, baby, baby
(AH-AH)

UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh, boy, just touch my body
I mean, girl, just touch my body



[Eminem]
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk...
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town

[Proof]
....Then You get done up in chalk
Yo....

[Eminem]
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady....
You can hold my nuts steady and then....
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl...
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody...
That means... you, her or him
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim

[Proof]
Ha ha....don't stop
D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
We get in that ass Preparation-H style
Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!)
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha)
Tryin to dance around
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
Wassup to Bizzare Kid
Targets get hit and liftoff
Here it is we bout to rip off
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot
Emzy...

[Eminem]
Speakin of lift off....
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley...
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly 
Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite
And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
And he said oAUI like youoAY...and then he walked up and said oAU let me snake bite
youoAY
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go....

[Proof]
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2
What you wanna get done to...
Your chest plate...eradicate
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is...
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya
A massacre creator, one time for data
Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator
It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky
Come against me...

[Eminem]
Go and see I'm an invincible Mc
If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
That you're doper than me...which we'll hope
You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly
And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide
Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
And still missed it
I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness...
Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle
What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew...
If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you
You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you....

[Proof]
Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock)
Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it)
So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit)
Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock)
We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
The dirty dozen is non-stop..
To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks
And men with pre-ops
Yo now there is 3-Pac's
Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac
Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...

[Eminem]
The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP
In high tops and walking around like a one eyed Cyclops
And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you
You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this
But I rock the microphone with my flyness
So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky 
rock..shit...bitch

[Proof]
Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or 
failrues
But me or slim yo you cant tell me...
You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your Lp
Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def

[Eminem]
My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me
You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what....
My Nuuuuuuuuutz
Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear 
it tho
I rickety rock the micrphone
Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it
I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on
And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at
All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at

[Proof]
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease
Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez
>From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds
One third Mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
Under the curb early morn take it to born 
Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enacment
Some times you see this...you just a faggot
No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart

[Eminem]
Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic...
But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic 
I wont even throw clothes in the Closet
Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all 
acrossed it
This beer makes me wanna disappear this year
I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry
You're so fired you're down

[Proof]
Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
Coming all the way from Amsterdam....
And I come to tell you all a little secret.....
So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
{mumbling}

[Eminem]
Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you 
In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy
Hermaphardite with no apettite
And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted
I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a dick give a lick

[Proof]
Yea....live and direct it's us
You better back up...

[Eminem]
You better back up before I jack off
Back off before I jack off

[Proof]
You better back off before he jack off (laughing)
You better back off before I jack off 

[Eminem]
Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face
While I'm still jackin off
Sittin in the closet beatin my shit
Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch
Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears
(Ken Kaniff)
Oh....come here little girl
come here little girl

[Eminem]
What happened? (I dunno)
We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin)
Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
When I come off with the drum off
Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent
A french accent Excuse my french but 
Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch

[Proof]
Bonjuor...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my...
Damn cock .....laughing....



[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

[Verse 1: Eminem (Gwen Stefani)]
I can hear the drummer drumming
And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone, I know somethin's coming
But I'm runnin' from it to be standing at the summit
And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was
Was it, too good to be true?
Have nothin', get it all but too much of it
Then lose it again, did I swallow hallucinogens
Cause if not, where the hell did it go?
Cause here I sit in Luciferís den by the dutch oven
Just choosing to sin
Even if it means I'm sellin' my soul, just to be the undisputed again
Do whatever I gotta do just to win
Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head
Crown around it, thorns on it
Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't think I'd be back, did ya?
How 'bout that, Iím somehow now back to the underdog
But no matter how loud that I bark, this sport is somethin' I never bow-out at
I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a love-hate
But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt
Even when you bitches are countin' me out, and I appear to be down for the count
Only time I ever been out and about
Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt
Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here but I'm not a quitter
Gotta get up, give it all I got or give up
Spit on, shit on, stepped on, but kept goin'
I'm tryna be headstrong but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong
Cause you're moving onto the next, but is the respect gone?
Cause someone told me that
(Kings never die)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Don't give me that sob story liar, don't preach to the choir
You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep
Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer
Wouldn't even take shit into consideration
Obliterate anyone in the way
I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features and try to show out on a track with me
But it'd actually have to be a fuckin' blow-out to get me to re-tire
Tell these new artists that kings never die
I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page
Did it just say I've been upstaged?
Why am I online? It's driving me crazy
I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge
On what's hot, but I'm not one to conform
But as days pass in this shit
And opinions sway, I can hear 'em say
If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous
Comeback as if I went away
But detractors just say so much for the Renegade
Someone's gonna make me blow my composure
Here I go again, center stage and I feel like I'm in a cage
They so want a champion to fall
It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em, cause why can't we win 'em all?
So fuck what these cynics say
(It) just goes ta show that when my back's against the wall
And I'm under a tack again, that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta
With this pent up rage, cause all these plaques in my office
On the floor stacked against the door
Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again?
Cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards
And trophies just don't mean jack anymore
If I'm here today and gone tomorrow
And I'm not gonna be

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I want it, I'm comin' to get it
So you son of a bitches don't duck youíre gonna get Riddick Boweíd
Critics'll end up in critical, think your shit is dope all you're gonna get is smoked
And I'm not stopping 'til I'm on top again, all alone and on a throne
Like a token of respect, or a homage poem, or an ode I've been owed
Tossed in the air by my own arm, and launched so hard it broke my collarbone
And when it's my time to go, I'm still not leaving
Stop for no one, I don't know but I've been told an obstacle that
Blocks your road, knock it over, time to go for that pot of gold, cause

[Bridge: Eminem]
They say kings never die
Just ask Jam Master Jay
They just grow wings and they fly
So, hands up, reach for the sky
Try to hold and prolong these moments
Cause in a blink of an eye
They'll be over

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Tryna secure your legacy like Shakur
And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were
So before you're leavin' this Earth
You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral, berserk
Deacon of words, syllable genius at work
Plus I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness, kill 'em with meanness
I went from powdered milk and Farina
To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts
From Gilbert's to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas, still appeal to the dreamers
I made it to the silverscreen but Rocky's still what the theme is
Khalil on the beat cause makin' the beat ainít the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is
Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is
It's that "Sound Bombing" Thirstin' Howl
Common, underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz
Stomach growl, throbbin' hunger, out-rhymin' everyone
God just give me one shot, I swear that I won't let you down
I'mma be around forever-and-a-day, even in the ground
You ain't never ever gonna hear 'em say I ain't

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die



[Chorus]
I know thereís something in the wake of your smile
I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah
Weíve built a love but that love falls apart
A little piece of heaven turns to dark
Listen to your heart

There's a certain mystique when I speak,
that you notice that it's sorta unique,
cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep,
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat,
you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack
and go to sleep, I'm strapped,
just knowing any minute I could snap,
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped,
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically,
it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry,
it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough
for you to play me, it's cockamamie,
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady,
my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo,
I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kitten-kaboodle,
I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it,
there's no humor in it no more, you know
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag,
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass

[Chorus]

There used to be a time when, you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dying
But now it's elevated, cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rapping
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happening
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't going to go after him
Until Ja started yapping in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50 smash him, mash him and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at the Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up, cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothing?

[Chorus]

I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart



Don't stop
Don't stop

[Royce Da 5' 9"]
Yeah, Bad and Evil is (BACK)
We bout to get into a tail of gunner that details the dungeon
This is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering
Oh once again where I fail from blundering
Shady lifted his wing than I fell from under it
Now I'm freefallin'
My career is gone and the weed callin'
Regardless of who's fault I was b-ballin'
God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth
Marshall double backed and got me from on top of the Hearse
I'm alive nigga, Justin T ain't got nothing on me
Cause I done cried Mary J Blige rivers
I realized that God's with us as soon as I decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges
The writings on the wall since niggas seen me at the baseball game with Shady and Jay-Z
Suddenly everybody calls
"Like I'm just checking on you dog"
While I throw up this message on the star

[Chorus:]
When them bottles stop poppin'
And them dollars start stopping
Do what you did to get it and dont stop (dont stop)
I made a promise to my momma
I'mma out live her
How can I be a quitter when haters dont stop (dont stop)

I'm living proof nigga
Its pretty safe to say
God giveth and God taketh away
Its the Worldwide American way
I'm living proof nigga

[Eminem]
Your body language is sayin' your confidence is gone
Well pick ya ass up lil homie, come on
You just gone sit there and take it or make em suck it
Tell em where to shove it straight up, you gon' make love to the world or you gon' fuck it?
The last time the light kicked me in the ass
I pulled down it's pants and put a foot up its ass
Man what a catastrophy it'd be for me to be a bitch ass pussy
And not open a can of whoop ass
Did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day I say I aint poop
Shit, the day that I dont straight shoot
I'll drop out of my anti-women hate group
Say I'm a sissy faggot, record it play it back and put it on straight loop
You haters look like you ate a grape fruit
You see me climbing back on that wagon
Got my swagga back I was dragging, hop back on it
Grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em
Without remorse man
Man of course I'm a one trick pony
Cause I'll be screaming on these whores till I'm hoarse!

[Chorus]

[Royce Da 5' 9"]
Nah I aint fading yet
I'd rather stay and rap
I mighta made a deck
I find excitement in wondering what I'ma write next
So I dont stay in debt
Me broke
You might aswell cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby
With AK's with baby bayonet's
I'ma get rich or I'mma die trying
Thats why its either kill or be killed
So call me suicide homocide Ryan

[Eminem]
Theres a bomb inside my head
I'ma live wire, I am on the edge
Teetering on it like I tore the iron mike
Get on a nut like a tyre iron
I have no desire stopping so why would I drop and roll
That's how much on fire I am
Rappers are fun and I'm the time cause I'm just flying by 'em
Man I'm laughing at 'em the entire time, why am I up?
Cause tribulations I have triumphed bitch I'm fired up
So it's time for me to slit your fucking lighter, light the sky up

[Chorus]



[Eminem]
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs,
but he keeps on forgettin what he wrote down,
the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking now, everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that
Easy, no
He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke
He's so stagnant that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't

[Amy Lee]
My God my tourniquet
return to me salvation
my God my tourniquet
return to me salvation 

[Eminem]
The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post mortem
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum

[Amy Lee]
My God my tourniquet
return to me salvation
my God my tourniquet
return to me salvation 

[Eminem]
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepwritin the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama's screaming on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go is my shot.
Feet fail me not cause maybe the only opportunity that I got

[Amy Lee]
My wounds cry for the grave
my soul cries for deliverance
will I be denied Christ
tourniquet
my suicide ...



[Verse 1]
[Obie Trice]
You don't see me in the hood
It's cause I'm doing this man

Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...)
I'm still hearing those sirens,
I'm still getting chased by those lights,
Only the light's mine and my mic's on
And my time is none because I'm writing more,
And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness,
I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...)
and I can't let y'all derail me man, 
I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie
cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...)
We got them craps going on
and that yak going on,
soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin',
It's whateva, put that on the chedda man,
but in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time,
chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out,
this is it my nigga, this what we boast about,
Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth
And show me love bitch..

[CHORUS]
[Obie Trice]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (I dont love you bitch)
I wanna hold you in the morning, (Ha)
hold you through the night (Hahaha)

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (We wanna love alcohol, we wanna love guns,)
I wanna hold you in the morning, (we wanna love money)
hold you through the night.. (Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though)

[Verse 2]
[Eminem]
There's a certain mystique when I speak,
that you notice that it's sorta unique,
cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep,
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat,
you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack
and go to sleep, I'm strapped,
just knowing any minute I could snap,
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped,
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically,
it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry,
it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough
for you to play me, it's cockamamie,
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady,
my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo,
I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kitten-kaboodle,
I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it,
there's no humor in it no more, you know
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag,
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass
you better love me bitch

[CHORUS]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
hold you through the night

[Obie Trice]
(and all the bitches say)

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
hold you through the night

[Verse 3]
[50 Cent]
my boyz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name,
if it ain't about the flow,
it's about the stones and the chain,
if I was you, I'd love me too,
I roll like a bus, 9-11 pulse same color as cranberry sauce,
I ain't gonna front, I thought R-Kelly was tha shit,
then we find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch,
niggas eatin popcorn, right, rewinding the tape,
now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin rape,
i'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes,
I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose, (God Damn)
used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet,
then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats, (uh-huh)
that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail,
that nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell,
my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes,
and Big Ben taught Charlie B-more to deepthroat

[CHORUS]
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning, (I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies)
hold you through the night(I just wanna hold you

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning,
(I just wanna love you)
hold you through the night



[Verse 1: Eminem]
They ask me am I ok
They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinely care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
And I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now
But somehow I know you're near me in presence
Oh I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you'll never believe this
But Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If it's true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
Difficult as it sounds...

[Hook:]
I See No Man Left In Them Mirror
Life Seems So Hard
I Feel Just To Give Up
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
I Just Spend My Day Drowning
In Sorrow
Alone With My Thoughts
I Ain't Got Time To Borrow
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult

[Verse 2:]
Doody, that's what we call each other
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
We was always brothers
Never thought about each others' skin colours
Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over and your shirt is off
I'm like you gonna fry and like
"No I won't, I'm black stupid
And black people they got melatonin
In their skin, we don't burn"
Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
Like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them playboy rings
My mother stole from you
Well Nate finally got em back
Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago
Well I put em in your cask-ahhh
Moving past it, it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget
The motor city motown
Hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
It don't stop there
Yeah, as difficult as it sounds...

[Hook:]
I See No Man Left In Them Mirror
Life Seems So Hard
I Feel Just To Give Up
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
I Just Spend My Day Drowning
In Sorrow
Alone With My Thoughts
I Ain't Got Time To Borrow
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult

[Verse 3:]
And this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pages
All our cell numbers has changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you ain't
Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressing on
Don't ever give up the dream dawg
I got love for you all
And Doody, it's true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen, it had to happen
Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
Getting arrested
To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn't show up for court
So we got off on a technicality, left sweating
Me, you and what's his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'mma punch him in the fucking face
And that's on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
Just before we were supposed to get in cars
To come and see you once more
Difficult as it sounds

[Hook:]
I See No Man Left In Them Mirror
Life Seems So Hard
I Feel Just To Give Up
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
I Just Spend My Day Drowning
In Sorrow
Alone With My Thoughts
I Ain't Got Time To Borrow
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult



[Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X)]

It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote)
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked)

[Eminem]
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands
the shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan
And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin, clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
or gets your description and sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cause I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac
Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze"
But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest
Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out
Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl in "Set It Off" did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police
Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles
and collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE"
and surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps

[Chorus]

[Chorus (repeats again to fade)]



[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?)
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?)
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady

Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Eminem]
Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high
The only problem was my English teacher was a guy
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup (Wsssshhhhh...)
Extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians
Rapin lesbians while they screamin: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAH!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

[Chorus]



[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?)
My name is.. [scratches] Slim Shady
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?)
My name is.. [scratches] Slim Shady

Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Eminem]
Hi kids! Do you like Primus? (Yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did?
Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is?
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf
who stayed to himself, in one space, chasin his tail (blalblalblabla)
Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off
Kissed em and said, "I ain't know silicone was 'sposed to be this soft"
I'm bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass
faster than a fat man who sat down too fast
C'mere lady! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Damn!)
Thanks a lot.. next semester, I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and told him to change the grade on the paper (Now!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Served the bartender, then walked out with a tip cup
Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians
in a spaceship while they're screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Here mom!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAH!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulleproof vest on and tap myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Ask him if he bought a porno mag and seen my ad

[Chorus]



People got issues man
You gotta do something about that
You talking about me like you fucking know me man, like
It's funny man I go to sleep and I laugh at it
Don't even bother me no more
Yeah like, listen

It's times like these when I feel regret
When I gotta work for this worthless cheque that don't pay for shit
I never finished school what do you expect? Me to be cool?
Yes? No? I don't think so
Well back in school they tell me
What if I start drowning are you gonna to be there to bail me? I don't think so
So please save the talk for someone else
I feel like I should have been someone else
But damn I'm not, I'm stuck in this hell spot
I fail to prevail so let my ass rot
I wish I was an abortion but I'm afraid not
A portion of my life is I'm happy I'm here
The rest is a blank spot
I think everything is going to be okay. Yeah, I think not!
I hate my life I bet you hate yours too
But what's the reason for being this motherfucking miserable?
People tell you to be positive how do you take that
When shit around you is negative and can't catch a break jack

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

Then in school, don't you listen to them
They just pissed at you man they're just mad you're doing shit better than them
I swear you dope, fuck what they think
They can all suck a dick, suckers die they all fucking stink
They're shit, shit don't take it personal, this is the world we live in, shit stays in urinals
Complex self esteem issues, so they diss you to up themselves and make themselves feel special
Understand you're up there up where? up here nobody can touch you
Motherfucker you're nuts yeah,
you are not a quitter
you are sicker
than most of these little skanks so stop feeling bitter
about yourself
You know these suckers ñ you're much bigger
You function on a different level, you're something like a ton bigger
Your tongue is fungus your skill is humongous
You know it so fuck it don't listen to these dumb kids

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

The world is a cold ass place man you can't quit
If you quit you might as well call yourself dead
You know what I'm saying? So keep moving don't take shit personal
Don't let it get to you
Don't let them get the best of you, man

I look toward my goal, so I move forward I know
If I stop now I'm proven that I'm no good and these haters win
I won't let that happen again, I'm a fighter a lighter bitch
I'mma fight till I retire,
I took a breath to rewired my wires
I'm Robocop back from the dead
The show don't stop till I roll over rot
I know that I'm hot, I don't need people to tell me that
Not even school to hold me back and tell me that I'm a failure
I'll nail your coffin, soft in your hard image
I'm starving and it is kinda crazy how I keep eating
Without taking a break and drinking a shake in between
Breast that I barely take or some water to wash down
This awful taste I wonder if anyone out there can relate
Man I'm losing any grasp I have on my fate
Cause I'm so rough soon no record deal on my plate
Half of those fuckers can't even see me
The other half wanna be me
The ones that don't know me don't know that I'm killing beats easy
Man I'm mad I can't understand it
Tell the planet to kiss my ass and
Grab a sweater and cram it, damn it

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold



[Eminem]
This motherfucker man, just won't shut up will you?
Talk about I owe you, bitch you owe me
I'm promoting you right now
Man lets put the nail in his coffin

[Chorus]
I dont want to be like this
I dont really want to hurt no feelins
But Im only bein real when I say nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap
Old men have heart attacks
and I dont want to be responsible for that so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity

[verse 1]
I would never claim to be no Ray Benzino
an 83 year old fake Pachino
So how can he hold me over some balcony
without throwin his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me
Please dont, youl probably fall with me
and our asses will both be history
But then again youl'll finally get your wish
cuz youl be all over the street like 50 Cent
Fuckin punk pussy fuck you chump
gimme a one-on-one see if I dont fuck you up
Tryin to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track thats how much you suck
dick in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin
You sit behind a fuckin desk at The Source butt-kissin
and beggin motherfuckers for guest appearences
and you can even get the clearances cuz real lyricists
dont even respect you or take you serious
Its not that we dont like you, we hate you - period
Talk about a mid-life crisis damn
last week you was shakin Obie Trice's hand
Now hes a busta? What the fucks with that?
Get on a track dissin us kissin 50's ass
and askin me what I know about inditements-bite me
bitch I got two cases, and probation - fight me!
What do I know about standin in front of a judge like a man
ready to take whatever sentence he hands
What you know about your wife slicin her wrists
right in front of the only thing you have in this world - a little girl?
And I put that on her, when this is all over
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her
I dont know shit about no shoppin rocks
But what you know about hip-hop shops rockin spots?
When your the only white boy in that bitch just rippin
pressin up your own flyers and your stickers stickin
them bitches up after spendin six hours at Kinkos
Just makin copys of your covers of cassette singles
and sell them out the trunk of your Tracer
Spendin your whole paycheck at Disc Makers
What you know about bein bullied over half your life?
Oh thats right, you know what thats like, your half white
Vanilla Ice,spill the beans and rice, I'm eating you alive inside
Jesus Christ, if your that much of a gangster, put the mic down
You should be out killin motherfuckers right now
Kill a motherfucker dead, kill'em dead bitch
Shoot'em in the fuckin head, go ahead bitch
Slap my mom, slap the f*ck outa her!
She cant sue you, she wouldnt get a buck out of you
Cuz your broke as fuck you suck your a fuckin joke
If you was really sellin coke, well then what the fuck
you stop for dummy? If you slew some crack
you'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You never had no security, you'll never be famous
You'l never now what its like to be rich, lifes a bitch aint it?
Raymond, here, let me break this shit down in lamens
terms for you just to make sure that you can understand this
and Canibus they usin too many complicated fuckin words for you
Here then let me slow it down for you
so you can understand if I say it slower:
Let it go dawg it's over

[Chorus]

[Eminem talkin]
Haha
Talkin bout I have motherfuckers callin your crib
bitch you aint even got a fuckin crib
You aint even got a fuckin phone, fuckin Bum
Threatened to shut me down at your little fuckin Source magazine
if I come back then you would attack me, bitch you attacked me first
take it like a man and shut the fuck up
and fuck your little magazine too
I dont need your fuckin magazine, I got XXL number anywayz
And yall cant stand it cuz there gettin bigger than yall
oh, and by the way, howed I look on the VMAs?
When you was watchin me from whatever fuckin TV you was watchin me from in Boston
The mean streets of Boston, fuckin sissy
Like you got us scared in the motherfucker, suck our motherfuckin dicks
Oh, and for those thats dont know, dont get it twisted yo, the Source has a white owner



[Busta Rhymes]
Yeah
I'm in a different space in my life you know
It's a real good space too
Ayo Eminem I like this song man
By the time y'all hear this, Weezy probably be home
Welcome home Weezy
Reek Da Villain what up
Ayo
Let me tell y'all niggers about one of the little tough guy dreams i had the other night

Look
First I stop and then I drop and then cock another heater, pop another litre from another clip
He thought he was a creature that could never never ever ever ever ever ever get his shit popped off (Get his block knocked off)
When a nigger come and when a nigger front, gotta give it to him good, give a nigger what he wants
And if a nigger act up, shoot him in the head, in the face, in the stomach, in the foot or the heart
You don't want it homie, you don't wanna start especially when mo'fucker see the gun fire spark
When I got the gun up in ya mouth, I'll make a nigger gun talk 
Bush Rhymes Reek (black)
Imma hit him in the front homie hit him in the back
Keep on hitting that nigger in the chest cavity till the motherfucker layng down flat
Freeze motherfucker look
Trust me Imma make a nigger sit still
Anytime I gotta defend a fool nigger, it don't matter what it is, homie I will
Beat a nigger til you probably can't figure it out, I identify the mo'fucker on the reel
Word on everything a nigger really love, it don't matter who it is, homie I kill
But now I'm finally waking up out of the dream and I realise that life is so beautiful
And I ain't gotta put my hand on a nigger, unless it's definitely necessary otherwise it's unsuitable
Ha, going through a lot of different little things that make a nigger want to go and wanna get and wanna bring a couple goons out to handle a couple situations and let em elimination all the bullshit so I can sing
Run through every city, run through every state
Though we get a lot of love, I love to get a lot of hate
Though the ones who will try to hate will start to love cause it's undeniable that everything I do is great, even when I do it wrong Imma share it in a song and I'm questioning the words in the end all along
I guess I gotta die first return re-incarnated just to really see any other form
Until that time Imma sit and shine while I sit here with the grime, give me credit when it's mine 'fore I dent it with a 9 millimeter see the sign and the heater then I'm giving all my people get in line now 
Yeah
For the one's that hated, tried to stop my growth from the light from a ball Imma fight homie grudge, it's a Kanye song see the way I make a mother fucker don't know love

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say, just (don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more)
That's right bitch: and I don't need you, don't want to see you
Bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
You (don't hurt me no more)
That's right, and I don't need you, don't want to see you
You get (no love)
Bitch you get (no love)
And I don't need you
Get em

I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's gonna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join them when I beat them
They call me a freak because
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
In the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
Til my hip don't hop anymore
When you so good that you can't say it
Because it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore
People just get sick cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words
Ain't letting up, relentless
I smell blood, I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right, it (don't hurt me)
I don't need ya (no more)
Don't wanna see ya (no more)
Bitch you get no (love)
You showed me nothin' but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (around)
Don't hurt me (that's right)
You don't hurt me (and I don't need ya) no more
(Don't wanna see ya) no more
Bitch you get no love (no), no love (no), no love (no)
No love
Bitch you get no love (no), no love (no), no love
And I don't need ya (no more)
Bitch you get no (love)



[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gonna keep doing my thing

[Eminem]
I'm almost as famous as fat bald men
Decided to write songs to teach Musketeers to sing
I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck [crash]
Causing terror to Christina Aguilera
When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara
Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
Gotta have it, I hold Tylenol in his hands
'til it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands
(So who is it?)
The fool who visit the playground
With two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pistol whipped with a Mauseburg
With a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit
Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits
If I get too rich, I just get sued

[Redman]
Yo, I leave with no injure, after I blow four in you
One handstand on top of your ninja
Crash it, (ERRRR) Doc stir the madness
'til you all outta work like Tony Atlas
Walking, cans in the laundry basket
America's most with the army after us
Fuck flossing, we take what's yours
A low fifteen like a ace in four
I'm outta work, but Doc laid them off
(shit, the power's out)
The tape is off
Yo, you targeted from arsonists
Papermate pens filled with arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what Prada is
Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss
Betty you with a bloody blade
I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake
Fuck bitches face is what I'm gonna do
'Cause that what white boy Tano do

[Eminem]
So how is everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
'Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!!

[Redman]
Yo, so how is everybody feeling tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump... Off the Wall!!

[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gonna keep doing my thing

[Redman]
Yo, you could buy Jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it
Rip your lips off, kiss my ass with it
Slap bitches, got Marshall Maths [printing]
Weed, X, and the acid tabs did it
I'm "What's happening?" with no "Rerun"
Doc Rob "Deniro" when the "Heat" come
My barrel hang out the Camaro
Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from
Flash the gat, your town, bogardin'
Your wallet, your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine, don't start it
Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and Eminem, cock the M & M
Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them

[Eminem]
It's like, Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker
Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box [uh]
Pop junk like I just got jumped
Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
Knock wood, it's all good, thank God for Vodka
'Cause with my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic
With an automatic calling me up there
My man Stan with a gat in his hand
Staking my house out in a tan tinted Sedan
He pull your mouth out 'til you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and Spam
'til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplifted a mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey ma, maybe I'll give you a call
Sike you fucking bitch, suck a dick and two balls
I'm giving you all my job descript'
which is to piss bitches and priest off with this
Pop more pills than police officers
Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim
Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
But you all can kiss my ass, pants off and all
'Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor

[Redman]
So how is everybody feeling tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!

[Eminem]
So how's everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!

[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gonna keep doing my thing
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep doing my thing
No matter... oh



[Intro]
Oh no whatís happening to my brain
I canít believe this is happening again

[Verse 1]
Lava out my lips I flips
Wake up think I have a cramp
Iím trying to shove the lava lamp up my fatherís ass
I think Iím out of gas, man
I think I need another mask
Iíd ask my mother but I think sheís laughing at the plants
A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kampís
I think Iíll eat some Ambiens like theyíre candied yams
Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
Abrafuckingcadabra motherfucker look whoís back
Just like a pendulum, Satanís pentagram swings
I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
Shit I think I might have did it when I was dancing
While I was chopping one of my legs off and pulled a hamstring
First I Re-up, then I Relapse
Go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc
And Iíll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle
Cause I react like the She-Hulk when I see Nyquil

[Hook]
Oh no
Here we go again
When itís going to end
Where did it begin
Maybe way back when

[Verse 2]
Into the well, baby Jessica fell
She may have wetted herself
Quit playing, get her some help
Mary Kay Letourneau sending me letters from jail
Every day in journals saying how
She wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
Iím the medicine man
My medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor
Shove a typewriter up her
Perez Hiltonís ass, shit, almost forgot that
Heís always shoving something up his ass so why not that?
And f-ck it while Iím venting letís shove a vending machine
Up his rear end when heís bending over pretending that he
Didnít say anything that would be offending to me
Stick his head in a blender, begin blending in G
Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair?
Put him under the stairs? People are already under there
Hmm, I wonder where. Wait, I think the cubpoardís bare
Stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Vicodinís like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again
I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again
Who am I kidding? I couldnít quit this shit if my life depends
I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then
Yeah, rehabís nice, I had my name up in lights again
You see thatís why I canít decipher what life Iím in
I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then
It sounds so enticing, isnít it nice when Iím hype again?
Iím nice when Iím like this, no time to write just type it in
If I could get my pen to slow down, whatíd I write just then?
Man Iím about to hyperventilate, I just have hyper-tension
I have the type of mental state you couldnít comprehend
Unusually stupid of you for you to think Iím your friend
I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence
I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again

[Hook]



Here's the story, of a little boy.
Growin' up in a suburban home,
Trying to cope with everyday life,
Who lives in a little house,
That was built, in the middle of the street.

"Hey, Mom!
Tupac's on the juke box,
so what he shot two cops,
and raped a little girl,
while two dudes watched,"
"Nuh-uh! They were tryin' to frame him,
You wouldn't have Two Pack Shaker,"
"No! That ain't how you say his name, mum!
You're so lame,
Don't you know anything?"
"Yeah!
I know that you'll probably go,
and join in a gang,"
"Yeah, right. I'm out
Where's my fuckin' walkman at?"
"Stop cussin' at me!"
"Shut up, bitch!"
"And quit talking black."
Well,
Slammed the door and I'm out,
Now, what?
It's probably warm in the house.
Fuck, I forgot my jacket,
forgot it was winter.
I'm gettin' thinner,
I'm hungry.
Is Mom cookin' dinner?
"Mom!
Let me back in!
I forgot my coat.
Mom, come on, I'm not playin',
It's cold!
Alright, sorry.
I need a jacket,
Mom, look,
My Tupac tape,
I just cracked it,
Ma, please let me back in,
It is Two Pack Shaker,
I just asked him."
I'm freezin', (achoo)
I'm sneezin',
I'm breathin' too much cold air,
I'm wheezin',
"I ain't did nothin',
I didnít say "I'm leavin',"
I said "I'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin',""
[scissors cutting]
"Alright, here.
Take your damn coat and leave,"
"Fine I'll leave!
Mom! You cut off the sleeves!"

[Chorus 4x]
Our house,
In the middle of the street.

One, two, three,
My teacher's two faced,
She went to lower my school grades,
Since Last Tuesday,
I had a toothache,
from kool-aid,
So Mom kicked me out, (get out)
And, all i had in my suitcase,
Was one shoelace,
A tube sock,
and a tube of toothpaste,
Sometimes,
It was cool,
"cause I could go to a friend's,
Crash there,
Fool around and just skip school.
But other times,
I'd rather just be home,
In my own room alone,
BEAT my shit and nobody would know,
My little brother sucked on a bottle,
'Til he was six,
So I'd hide it inside the couch,
And say "I don't know where it is,"
But as soon as Mom found it,
I would either be grounded,
or kicked out the house,
a thousand weeks,.
and still countin',
Even when I was underage,
Mom was tellin' cops,
I was tryin' to run away,
I told her,
"Someday, bitch, you're gonna pay,"
Please, Mom, Please, Mom, Please, Mom,
I wanna stay, (let me stay)

[Chorus 4x]

My brother's incoherint,
Mom's a single parent,
Who ain't carin',
Starin' through me,
Like I'm transparent,
Made it clear,
That I was just there,
to run an errands,
Told her friends,
I was a son from her last marriage,
Sent me up to the little corner store,
with a little note,
"Please, sell my step-son,
Some cigarettes so I can smoke,"
One time,
I tried to fake sick,
To get attention,
Back-fired,
Mom, sent me to school,
With a vengence,
My life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me,
I go to class,
and every teacher's always laughin' at me,
And Mom says white rappers are laughed at.
Not only that,
She heard me upstairs,
I can't rap,
and I'm stupid,
I never make an average,
of a B+,
I need to sit on my ass and sue people,
Like she does,
One time, I got food poison,
From a hot dog,
Mom sued and got $2,000,
From Ballpark,
"Hey, Ma. You got a dollar?"
"I don't think so.
Now keep an eye on your brother,
I'm goin' to bingo."
"But, Mom. You said you were broke."
"Who said?
You got your ears messed up,
from that damn rap music."

[Chorus Fades Out]



[Hook:]
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say, ëOh, itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles
Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll
Stomp you in the verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em
When the going got rough
Some of what I done fought through was the worst, little sissy
Who the fuck taught you how to persevere?
There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse
The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse
Yeah, I don't try like hell, then I might as well
Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve
Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall
But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself
Time to slip in that zone till' I find myself
Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go
Into waters where nobody else has gone before
Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so
Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant
Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am...

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say, ëOh, itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Let me self-empower you
When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you
And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel
I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel
Convert it to gunpowder too
Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid
Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing
Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it
Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it
Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage
Never take back what you say
If you stay strapped in your brain, engaged in a steel cage match
Ready to scrap asap
Take your fists and just ball it
Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace
Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam
Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at
And set it on 'em like a placemat
(I am phenomenal)
And I want you to say that

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say, ëOh, itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Step into the unknown and find yourself
You're floating freely, no emotion

Got a fuckiní mouth with no shut-off valve
Can't even cut off power to it, but it's what allowed
Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground
Cause I worked my butt off now
It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about
Cause I stuck it out
Like a motherfucking tongue thats how, I responded when I got shoved around
You're gonna have non-believers
But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how
Get it how you live
But are you prepared to give more than you get?
And put in twice what you get back from this shit
Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give
Rap is my shiv
But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will
Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill
How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt
I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb
Ready to face any challenge, waitin'
Can taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation
Look what I have built, reputation is validation
The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing
Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement
Or accusation... I am legendary status, in fact
That is the only way you'll ever be able to say
Your legend is makin' an allegation
I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with
As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath
Managed to prove who the best man is
Prevail at all costs, be the only ones left standing
In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage
Of knowing what it's like to be southpaw
Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed
Cause I am

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say, ëOh, itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal



[Eminem]
Yo.. I dedicate to this.. to yo..

[imitating Slick Rick]
To all my fans, keepin y'all in health
Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself
Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin
which I create, cause that's my mission
So listen close, to what we say
because this type of fag claims to never be gay, I..

[rapping normally]
.. knew you was jealous from the day that I met you
I upset you, cause I get respect I bet you (boy)
I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew (c'mon!)
And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you
Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood
No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods
Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood
and said, "Heck, country western rap records are good!!"
So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes
He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (haha)
Puts an album out and rules for part of the year
then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere
It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year
No one's tryin to hear some fuckin old fart in a chair
sittin on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear
So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea
Figure you can diss me to jump start your career
I punch you in your fuckin chest 'til your heart kicks in gear (bitch)
And fuck your underground buddy's nameless crew
Like I'ma say they names so they can be famous too

[Chorus 2X: Eminem (sung)]
You just a.. quitter, and you bitter cause I came along
and the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'ma kill you (I'ma kill you)

[Eminem]
Yo.. heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke
to the rap you wrote, your fuckin answer back's a joke
And I'ma tell these motherfuckin fans the truth
The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you
You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you
like I ain't notice you? BITCH, I had a show to do!
Like I'm supposed to be star-struck, come over to you
You better shut your fuckin mouth while you oh-for-two
Back in ninety-four Limp opened the show for you
Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you
Took your motherfuckin DJ and stole him too
So you fall in a slump and get all emotional
So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings
Confused as fuck cause now your music sucks dick
Mr. Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap
quicker but never last, and Everlast is a..

[Chorus]
Aight listen (look)
So this is what we ask of our fans
If you ever see Everlast, WHOOP HIS ASS
Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him
Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, bitch-slap him
Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp
Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid
Do it for Ice-T, do it just to do it, fuck it
He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin!
Shit in five years we'll all be "Eating at Whitey's"
And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch, cleanin the toilets
Aiyyo.. fuck this, cut this shit off

[music stops]

Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker!

[beat changes to 2Pac's "Hit 'Em Up"]

Kill Whitey! - Hahaha
Kill Whitey! - Detroit! What? What?
Kill Whitey! - .. yo, yo
Kill Whitey! - Haha! Look

First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say
Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay
You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White
So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight
Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip
Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead
I keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath
Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest
Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya
with your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released
Evidence, don't fuck around with real MC's
who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks
I let you faggots know it's on for life
but Everlast might die tonight, haha
Fat boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know!

[Chorus: Eminem]
Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady
Call the doctor to heal your heart
They shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
Honkey, I hit 'em up!

Hahaha, yo check this out
You faggots ain't even on my level
I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots!

[Kon Artis]
Yo! Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Whitey Ford's heart just stopped
Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack
Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back
Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are
At your own restaraunt, while I'm servin ya
Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch

[Kuniva]
Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik
Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik
You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round
with some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still
this ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin killed
with his chest open
Tryin to throw a fuckin punch, but you just chokin
Havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme
Talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me
You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me
I'm a paleface killer whale
on his way to fuckin prison, pistol whippin tail, ha
Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day?
That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha
Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop
Forty-nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop
while my sales makin records break
Two and a half million scanned by the second week
Motherfucker I hit 'em up!

[Proof]
I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half
Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags
Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated
Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you
Iriscience get choked up and yoked up
All you underground bitches get your throats cut

[Swifty]
What the fuck?! Is you stupid?
I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin guitar cord
and stuff him in cardboard, chopped up in a box
with sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart
D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch
Keep your restaurant locked and block your door
Cause we "Hit 'Em Up" like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur

[Eminem]
You a, "Black Jesus," heart attack seizures
Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases
White devil, washed up honkey
Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country

[laughing]
Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off
[needle drags, beat stops]

Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise
I just believe in kickin a man while he's down
God damn! I quit
Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin punk
Aiyyo..



Some days I just wanna up and call it quits
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits
My life's like one great big ball of shit!

If I could just put it all into all I spit
Instead of always trying swallow it
Instead of starin' at this wall and shit
While I sit writer's block, sick of all this shit
Can't call it shit!

All I know is I'm about to hit the wall
If I have to see another one of Mom's alcoholic fits
This is it, last straw
That's all, that's it
I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic

I'm like a skillet bubblin', until it filters up
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin' up
Blow this building up, I've been sealed enough
My cup runneth over, I done filled it up

The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts!
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts
Well, Imma show you what, You gon' feel my rush
If you don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch

Build the dutch, I'm about to tear shit up
Goosebumps, Yeah Imma make your hair sit up, Yeah sit up
Imma tell you who I be, Imma make you hate me, Cause you ain't me

You wait, it ain't too late to finally see
What you close-minded fucks were too blind to see
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee
Out this world, ain't no one out their mind as me

You need peace of mind? Here's a piece of mine
All I need's a line, but Sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme
To express how I'm really feeling at that time, Yes
Sometimes, Sometimes, Sometimes

It's just sometimes it's always me
How dark can these hallways be
The clock strikes midnight
1, 2, then half past 3
This half-assed rhyme, with this half-assed piece of paper

I'm desperate at my desk
If I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest, Again
Stuck in this slump, Can't think of nothing
Fuck, I'm stumped, Oh, Wait, Here comes something, nope!

It's not good enough, scribble it out
New pad, crinkle it up, and throw this shit out
I'm fizzling out, thought I figured it out
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out

I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave
To this Trade ? Cyanide I spit to the grave
Real enough to rile you up, Want me to flip it? I can rip it
any style you want.

Imma switch hitter bitch Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter
Imma sit here till I get enough of me to finally hit a fucking boiling point
Put some oil in your joints, Flip the coin, Bitch come get destroyed

An MC's worst dream, I make them tensed, they hate me
See me and shake like a chain-link fence
By the looks of 'em you would swear that Jaws was coming
By the screams of 'em you would swear I'm sawing someone

By the way they runnin', you would swear the law was coming
It's now or never, and tonight it's all or nothing
Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, He said he'd be back
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest

I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock
Fuck this clock! Imma make them Eat this watch
Don't believe me Watch! Imma win this race
And Imma come back and rub my shit in your face, Bitch!

I found my niche, You gon' hear my voice
'Til you're SICK of it, you ain't gonna have a choice
If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung
If I have half a chance, I'll grab it, Rabbit Run!



[Eminem:]
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

[Hook (2x):]
You look like you're in another world
but I can read your mind
how can you be so far away
lying by my side 

[Ludacris:]
Things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be 
Like all these fakin' ass rappers in this industry 
Talkin' bout what they got, and they ain't got a damn thang 
How you own three cars, but you don't own ya own name? 
Get ya business right boys, the first class is in session 
Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession 
Start up ya own company, trademark the name 
That's gon' run ya bout a grand so start savin' ya change 
Open a bank account quick, and then follow these steps 
Sign yourself to yourself and start signin' ya own checks 
Hit the booth and start recording at the speed of need 
Whatever gets ya juices flowin' could be speed or weed 
Get it mixed and mastered, pressed up and plastered 
Sell it to ya whole hood out the trunk, ya bastard! 
Show all the non-believers what you destined to be 
And in just a couple years you could be rich like me 

[Hook (2x):]
You look like you're in another world
but I can read your mind
how can you be so far away
lying by my side 

[Lil Wayne:]
Money to be made best believe a nigga clockin,
I run it myself like a quarterback option,
I pitch a 10 g's tell a bitch to go shopping,
she buy herself some clothes, and she bought me back a chopper,
see niggas tryna kick it, but no I don't play sucka,
I'm all about my cake I'm tryna marry Betty Crocker,
a package on the way you know my whip game proper,
and enough for one key I see seventy thousand dollas,
Now I was shootin dice, smokin on a joint,
I bet with Yo Gotti, he hit five straight points,
we ovahere hustlin, we ova here grindin,
you rap about money and nigga might sign ya,
you rap about me and a nigga might find ya,
banana in ya ass with ya head right behind ya,
DOPE GAME BITCH let his mamma worry bout him, you can holla at me for a fee

[Hook (4x):]
You look like you're in another world
but I can read your mind
how can you be so far away
lying by my side



[Verse 1 - KXNG CROOKED:]
My name is KXNG CROOKED, I snap on you rappers often
When I'm spazzin' I'm just gettin' my passionate point across
Like a hood cat clappin' his hands when he's talkin'
Now that I got your attention, I feel I should really mention
Don't come around here flossin', Big Willies, we'll Willie Lynch 'em
Pull out the chopper, rappers hittin' the ground
Like every bar is a bullet, when I pull it, it sound like
B-b-b-b-b a couple of bullets are comin' your way then it jam
Like god damn
Then I pick up somethin' quicker, start killin' everything in the vicinity
The proximity, the Glocksimity, we on Yosemite Sam
Bam, bam your body drop, Van Damme, karate chop
The Beretta's a better competitor
Pop pop turn your sweater to a crop top
Killin' you and whoever in that drop top
Etcetera, etcetera and it will not stop
Just shoot, shoot like doot doot
And beaucoup, beaucoup, I'm cuckoo
I'm a star goin' to war with you clones like Count Dooku
I'm worlds apart from you rappers
Like I walk in the booth rockin' a biosuit made of plastic
And NASA's galactic elastic travelin' through space, interstellar rapping
Broadcastin' from uninhibited planets
When I come back, that's it
You see a flash in the sky, it's that nigga, I
When I land, you wack niggas die
And your casket is your last hit
You wack bitch, fuckin' bastard
Back to the hand clappin'
You die quicker than Darren Wilson walkin' through Ferguson
Dressed like the grand dragon of the Klan
Passin' niggas with pants saggin'
With their hand on a black Magnum
To clap him backwards
So their last words is "kcuf meht nmad saggin"
That's backwards for "fuck them damn niggas"
Buck them damn triggers
Charge us, bodies fill up them damn Rivers
Cause everybody wanna be the best rapper alive
But I only like dead rappers
Compare me to the best rappers who died
And you rappers I used to look up to
I gotta cancel you now
Like Simon Cowell, I can't let you ex factors survive
Nah, the time's right and they finally limelightin' the god of this rhyme writin'
My mic can only be likened to Poseidon's trident and Zeus' lightin' strike
And my metaphors are what Thor was to the Norse viking
I'm a born titan and at-point kill 'em like swordfightin'
I'm slicin' organs with songwritin', I dwarf giants
I hope I'm rubbin' you pussies wrong sort of like poor dykin'
I smoke philosophy, I snort science
That means I'm higher than higher learnin', look in my eyes
That's where the fire's burnin'
Try to deny music's messiah returnin'
You die and you fry in my iron furnace
I am on my get rich or die tryin' like when Em was signin' Curtis
Cause I am murderous

[Verse 2 - Joe Budden:]
(Joe Budden, Jersey City, New Jersey)
Now we can do this a couple of different ways, it really depends
Could give them classic NY jeans over the Timbs
Or I could spit about my car and how it sit on the rims
I could tell you why I'm hot and disappear like MIMS
But the bars there, put that on God, ask an atheist
And if I ain't the bomb at least I'm in the blast radius
I'm beating these kids' indictment, shit, I like the terror
APB on my actions, I'm in the viking era
Moment of truth, I give you facts right now
Fuck this cypher, my mind ain't on rap right now
So it's fuck metaphors and punches, all the witty shit
Got a missing uncle and another need a kidney flip
Face says I been stressed
I got an aunt getting her ass kicked by MS
Nigga, why am I here? For the look, for the promo
Shit that bothered from the start
Cause the cancer left his lungs and it's on my grandfather's heart
Yeah, just not the side that the beat is on
I'm supposed to put that to the side when the beat is on
I'm planning the funeral, I'm getting the hearse ready
These niggas only wanna ask me if the verse is ready
Not a how do I feel, not a how do I deal
If that's the life, nigga, then how is it real?
These last couple of days I've been speaking to my peers
Giving them cries for help, I guess they need to see the tears
But wait, wildest part of all of that is
They'll shoot a suicidal rapper right here on the bridge
But fuck it, gotta pardon 'em, shout out to my squad and 'em
House Gang, Shady, I'm gone, nigga, my job is done

[Verse 3 - Yelawolf:]
Yelawolf, Gadsden, Alabama
My name is Wayne, I'm from Alabama
Here's the back story
I just fell off the turnip truck with Ernest Tubb
I'm 33, I've got 3 kids and I just popped 3 pills
I don't know which one's which or what it's for
Safety ain't really a habit I've formed
I still smoke to the cigarette butt
I still drink till I end up being that klutz
Clumsy, self-destructive dummy
Stumbling over my words, mumbling
I'll probably do it tonight
Leave the bar, leave the car
And pass out like a fetus in a jar with my feet up to the stars
And dream about that light that leads up to the lord
I have nightmares about my momma getting beat up in the yard
Wake up feeling like half a human
Hit the studio and unleash this guilt and regret
For my lack of union between rap, you and the rock and roll community
For unity between country music and MCs, I'm claiming immunity
Still I'm working, sawing, milling this tree
Building this house exactly the way Charlemagne the god and Lord Jamar thought it would be
Wait a minute... the lord and the god hate me
Jesus Christ, I am the white devil!
Nah...
I'm still working, sawing, milling this tree
Building this house exactly the way I thought it should be
Wanna take a tour? Let's see
I've got floor-to-ceiling windows and a cabin-style mansion
Bucks, bears, trucks, boats, tires, spares, four-wheelers
Three-wheelers, two-wheelers, a drug dealer on call
Plaques on the wall, racks on the wall for my guns on the wall
Lift kits, low riders, chop shops, hi tops, low tops, cowboy boots
Dixie flags, American flags, Slumerican tags on my Slumerican ass
CEO
I've got my name on the bathrobe, and the flame on the back porch is lit
Guess who's coming to dinner?
AndrÈ 3000 and Hank the Third, go figure
I've got two stand-up jetskis, a top pedigree horse, just to pet and feed of course
Who rides a horse in Nashville? I might
I've got bicycles for the kids, tricycles for the babies
M-80s, bottle rockets, bottles in my pocket
Moonshine, gold watches, gold rings
All fake, no bling, don't hate, that's my thing
I've got new clothes, old clothes, vintage, tremendous, endless style
Goodwill loves me Mackle-more than you
I've got flat screen TVs, with skate videos on repeat
All the latest CDs, mp3s, and Beats by Dre
Thank you very much, Jimmy Iovine for the check
I've got a black woman fine as she can be
FeFe with a ring on her finger that could give sight to the blind
A 5, a 10, a couple hundreds layin' on the counter
I don't know where that came from
I got artwork from hard work, yardworkers for yard work
Don't look under the tarp, sir
I'm growin' weed for my mama there
I've got a paved driveway and photos in the hallway of me on my Harley
And I did it my way
See, hip hop is what you make of it
And I'm makin' a lot of it
See that's a quadruple entendre, Jay Z eat your heart out

[Verse 4 - Joell Ortiz:]
But these cyphers, I treat 'em like a war, don't want no mediators
Nah, this that grow up in the P's behavior, next door to the greasy neighbors
People thank you, I do this for all the mean creators
I was someone who never needed favors to get where I'm at
Now they deem me a savior
But to be honest I ain't feelin' like that, man I just really like rap
Y'all lucky, trust me
I'm opposite the hands of Sandusky
With the shit that my pen state, these rappers can't touch me
Ugly? Shit, you serious? I'm hideous
I was better than all you silly kids while trying to figure out who I really is
As a younger dude, life was somethin' rude
I barely made it to the first like a Cutler move
No rubber groove on my shoes had to fight, so suspensions
I had 3 in one week, yeah that was public school
Did I say 3 in 1? That's funny cause there's 4 of us in the Slaughter
That's a 3 and 1, I learned that in public school too
Like what's in between a 3 and 1 and House Gang, I spoke to all 3 on 1 call
Like I dropped 2 albums and #3 is 1 second from bein' done
Just need y'all 3 to send me 1 verse apiece
For this Heatmakerz beat and Brother's Keeper 1
Simple mathematics, I'm addin' up to all these rap addicts
I don't like to divide dough so I multiply flow
And subtract maggots
Like a brand new Craftmatic, boy I'm back at it
Smokin' these new boys like my last habit
Dabnabbit I tried to quit but everything I kick's like the last dragon
Hoes suckin' my drummer dick, they on my bandwagon
I just gotta laugh cause y'all pushin' a lot of swag
I'm pushin' this big ole Hearse, don't get body bagged

[Verse 5 - Royce Da 5'9":]
These new rappers be askin' me
Why I don't be hangin' out where they be hangin' out
I tell 'em, I say "Lil nigga listen here"
If I don't got no business there, I don't got no business there
See there's a difference here
You hustlin' so you can be seen
Nigga I'm grindin' so I can disappear
I don't do it like other rappers do
When it's on time, it's skull and bone signs at the stu
We got guns you only find on your cheat code screen
If you think I remind you of any of these niggas you wildin' out
Like Chico Bean
When there's drama I don't ask no questions, I just clap in that direction
I look at this gat like it's an actual accessory
I'm anti-social so relax when you step to me
Nigga I shoot the breeze with actual weaponry
Your lil' stare downs won't fare well
I got a pale conscience, I'm the grey area
Last person I had a bond with was a bail bondsman
Now imagine me hangin' with y'all and we rappin' on the same song
Nigga I'd rather juggle a couple of chainsaws
Or run through hell with a pair of gasoline Hanes on
I'm a star but not on some I wanna be a star kinda shit
The only celebrity that give a fuck less than me is Marshawn Lynch
Glock in the stash as a backup but the MAC'll burst
Cripple your style, your first born child'll come out
With a colostomy bag as the afterbirth
I don't give a fuck
Nigga I'll show up to Beyonce's show posin' as Jay Z
Stagger in your studio session with a bomb strapped to my chest
Lookin' like Omarion holdin' his baby
Jump in the 4 door Mercedes with a .44 listenin' to JoJo and K-Ci
Drinkin' and sniffin' enough blow that it got me thinkin' I can exchange sicknesses
Maybe, this ebola for rabies
That's it, just livin' the rapper life
Banana clip in the air, lookin' like it's 'bout to start singin' it's MAC tonight
MACs, I use this MAC as a component for thugs rollin' up
I got this MAC on and you better stay in that corner
Cause shit can turn into that song except I don't give a fuck what day it is
I'll have this club goin' up, fuck with me
Mack magnet, attractin' enormous green
Slap this clip in this gat then call this arm Christy Mack
Cause this bitch is that war machine
Life of a giant, but who needs size when you're wack and your team's soft
Drag your girl down this hill 'til she admits that it feels like she's jackin' the beanstalk
We both got marketing plans
Yours is to sell records and try to net more than you gross before
Mine is to punch you in your face if you ever disrespect me
And then go invest into a grocery store
Rolled up with the Smith & Wesson and drew on you like let's fight now
I do numbers, I turn you and your crew into two plumbers
Translation, get your shit together and pipe down
Fuck a mic, I don't write, I chew and spit
I'll shoot you and your sis if you insist
I got my eyes on the sparrow
Silencer's so big it look like I got Bobby Shmurda tied to the front of the barrel
And he doin' this

[Verse 6 - Eminem:]
(My name is Marshall
I'm repping that motherfucking Motor City, bitch)
I just turned Slaughterhouse to a quintet
Began to trend-set, murdered a friend's pet
Made shit as ill as it can get went in depth
Like a fucking vignette and two bars skins wet
I'm already covered in sweat and I wasn't even ready to come in yet
AHH, let me set this drink down
Beat up a gal, start beef with her pal
Probably be wild 'til I'm wrinkled and senile
And "Rap God" was a freestyle
Off the top of the dome piece while I was sleep on the couch
And I'm freestyling now
I need a towel, sweat leaks from my brow
It's burning my eyes, my cerebral is foul
Cause shit I'm thinking about should be illegal
I need my head banned like the guy who left Cleveland Ohio
And went to South Beach with his talents
Scream "fuck you" on the way out and wink with a smile
This whole game can eat a dick, I'm going back deep underground
But right now I'm back on that bullshit and you I'm singling out
Cause you're so fucking outdated you should mingle a while
What the fuck is this Klusterfuk of busters
Bunch of Buster Douglas', motherfuckers is one hit wonders
One swing and you're crowned
Knocked one out the park, one catchy jingle and now
You think you fucking with me cause you sold like 300 thou
Bitch, I can jump without my feet ever leaving the ground
Reach up, swing from a cloud with 3 thousand people around
Evil and vile enough to leap in the crowd
And heave a child in a sink hole on Cinco De Mayo
When I'm sprinkled in pico de gallo
Mardi Gras beads in a towel
I just made that up
I don't know much Spanish, I'm not bilingual
But I'll show you a Mexican stand off
Between just these two amigos
Cause neither really wants to say what we're thinking out loud
But I sure as fuck think I know how read body English, no doubt
Cause we're trying to kill each other, but lyrically
The fuck is humility? What is a real emcee?
Royce, he came up in the shit with me
Never spit that hustler shit, it wasn't a fit for me
Let them adjust 'til they just get the gist of me
Just not giving a fuck and plus with the history
Of muscular distrophy, it wasn't a mystery
Why this middle finger was stuck in this upward positioning
So what in the fuck is a list to me?
I'm used to not being on it, I expect it out 'em
Heck wit' em, I get my respect without 'em
Ain't really been into diamonds since I put my first record out
But I could put a chain around my second album
And wear it as a neck medallion
Became a millionaire, went downhill from there
Became civil, office swivel chair, sterling silverware
Screaming life is still unfair til I get a real career
The fuck am I gonna do until then? This job is too fulfilling
Two ga-jillion pairs of super villain shoes to fill in
And a mood to kill till I plow my Coupe de Ville
Into some children at the food pavilion and Build-A-Bear
Warrior's mind, Iím pro-hydrocodone euphoria
In the Drug Emporium line, I'm soaring
I'm pouring Vicodin four at the time ignoring the warning signs on 'em fore I go four wheeler riding
Gory and violent and horrifying
You surely won't find no one more appalling
Than I am with this retaliatorial rhyming for Gloria Steinem
But I finger her like a witness, show me a line-up
I usually am abusive, but excuse me, ma'am
I guess I must've threw you for a loop like Toucan Sam
When I said I could use the sample cause you's a tramp
But look how you react to this trigger like
When I call you a bigger dyke than the Hoover Dam
You're playing right in Lex Luthor's hand
It's such a ruthless plan, might even lose a fan
But fuck it, Superman wouldn't change in a phone booth for Stan
I'm a brand new being like Grand Puba's band
Happy as Anderson Cooper having a tuba crammed
In his pooper with lubricant...wait, that's too... I can't
Since honesty is the best policy I'll give you the old college try
Try to acknowledge my mistakes, probably won't qualify
As a gentleman and a scholar, but it's time that I swallow pride
And say that I'm sorry, sorry I can't apologize
I think of all them times I compromised my bottom lines
And thought of rhymes that sodomized your daughter's minds
Then I'm like dollar signs
But I may fight for gay rights especially if they dyke
Is more of a knockout than Janay Rice
Play nice, bitch, I'll punch Lana Del Rey right
In the face twice like Ray Rice in broad daylight
In plain sight of the elevator surveillance
Til her head is banged on the railing
Then celebrate with the Ravens
Never date an assailant who self-medicates with inhalants
I'd meditate, but I may need a better way to escape
The aggression, rage and the anger
Cause they restraints on the ankles
Heavyweights and an anchor with handcuffs in chains
This ain't enough to contain it
But I still get the same respect as Jay if I came on
Stage in a fucking negligÈe everyday and Liz Claiborne
Devastated from breakup with Kate Hudson
Wait slut, your friends, what are they gonna say
Cause makeup ain't gonna cover
That eye that's seven-eighths of the way shut
Peppersprayed with your face cut
Made my bank like a lay up
Off these effing skanks on the way up
Oh, bitch thinks she's heaven-sent
It's evident that she ain't never been with seven inches
Yes, I said seven, I measured it
Seven inches from the floor
While I'm standing on the fourth floor balcony
At the Sheradon when I'm stretching it
Bitch, I'm a pimp so a limp dick is all you'll ever get
So if she's hesitant to get the hint
I'll bet you that I get the message sent who she's messing with
Hella quick when I tell a chick not to ever use sex as a weapon
When I step in and beat the wretched wench with a crescent wrench
Existential detriments to a lesbian devil
In the unpleasant stench of an estrogen level
That separatists like a Chechnian rebel
Impressionist with a pencil
A pessimist, with his lips pressed against
The edge of this Red Bull
Pedal to the metal I'm rippin' this shit cause right away I'll give it to a bitch like a pedestrian, deadly as ever
You see what kind of effects she has on the opposite sex when I push her flexible little sexy ass through a plate of plexiglass
SHADYXV as perplexing as
The last fifteen years and I'm predicting my next relapse
When I spit these lyrics so don't look at me weird
When I start shifting gears and shit re-smears all over Britney Spears
And these little Disney queers
Who use chicks for beards?
Just made that up too...
Oh and the Shady 2.0
We wrote it in roman numerals like they do for the Super Bowls
Cause it's supposed to confuse you hoes
The flows lose you as usual, so juvenile
2 year old when I go to the studio
It's only music but don't be foolish though
You don't know me through it ho but you can blow me to it though
In my homie's Buick
Been known to lose it though so if I overdo it you drove me to it
When I step in the vocal booth like I'm supposed to do
And I murder you on a fuckin' track like Tony Stewart
In one take, if I fuck up and I don't redo it
You couldn't sound grown on a beat if you were moaning to it
The day I don't say fuck you (w)all, you can throw me through it
Rootinest-tootinest, shootin' this from the hip
With the sentiments, Eminem isn't penning them for the women
I'm an enemy to them and the epitome of an inconsiderate idiot
But they consider me equivalent to chlamydia
They tryna get rid of me gadzooks
But I stiggity stand for the fliggity flag
Of the United States and the freedom, I distribute these raps through
And if I catch you doing anything
Hindering or prohibiting that after I give me that
Tattoo of your lips on my ass I'mma be literally
Pickin' up and deliberately whippin' the Statue of Liberty at you WOOOOH!

Fuck it

Got it somewhere in there probably



Psst... hey, listen! 
Lalalalala! I love my job. Whoo! Makes me feel like Superman!
Can you fly? I can. Wanna see? 

[Chorus] 
I'm only entertaining you 
My goal is to stimulate, making you high 
And take you and I 
To a place you can't see 
But I believe you can fly 
I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partying 
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
Just a man who's on the mic 
So let me entertain you... 

[Eminem] 
My lyrical content is constantly under fire 
No wonder why I constantly bomb back 
To combat attacks with constant concepts 
When lyrics are constantly took outta context 
Failure to communicate with congress has 
Been a problem for the longest, I guess 
But maybe one day we can make some progress 
Food for thought - see how long it takes to digest 
Feeling good when I should be ashamed 
Sh*t, I really should've fell but I stood 
See I came like a flame in the night 
Like a ghost in the dark; there's a ray, there's a light 
There's a hope, there's a spark 
But when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye 
Until they decide to set their differences aside 
And this is why only one of us will survive 
So children follow my lead and feel the vibe, cause 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
My music can be slightly amusing 
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing 
Just trying to seperate the truth from entertainment 
It's stupid, ain't it? I get sick of trying to explain it 
See I could sit and argue with you but it goes beyond 
Just being a snot, pointy-nosed bleach-blond 
Cause I came here to uplift; let your woes be gone, 
Tell 'em to get fu*ked and just mosie on 
Constantly moving, constantly using the constitution 
As a form of restitution 
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant 
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams 
I'll be here when y'all are gone, rebuilding, 
World revolving, still evolving, still Slim 
How many kids'll copy? Probably millions, 
But I'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then, cause 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
My lyrical content contains subject matter 
That sucks up all these fu*ked up young kids 
At an alarming rate; common denominate 
Add it up and you'll see just why I dominate 
I try to stimulate but kids emulate, 
And mimmick every move you make - "Slim, you great!" 
But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain? 
I gotta be the one to go against the grain 
Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it, but it's inhumane 
For me to see you be influenced but pretend you ain't 
But they don't understand that I've been through pain 
If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain 
But you can't just stand there and try to judge 
It hurts but you're jealousy probably tears you up inside as much 
And it's such a pleasure, every button that I touch 
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but 

[Chorus]



[Intro]
"SLIM!"
HI MY NAME IS...
...Bitch you make me hurl. 

[Verse 1]
They call me superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down, in a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, I tell a muthafuckin' slut, to her face
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, get my cash, I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out, won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice, buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife, what you Mariah, fly through twice...

[Pre-Chorus]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...

[Chorus A]
Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River)
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River-er)
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River)
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Don't get me wrong, I love these ho's
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what, that's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again, I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I, I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you...

[Pre-Chorus]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...

[Chorus B]
Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a River-er)
"I think I love you baby", I think I love you too (Cry me a River)
I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River-er)
I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too (Cry me a River)
They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a River-er)
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River)
"Ooooh boy you drive me crazy", bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3]
First thing you say, "I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hallie Jade, I love that name, love that tattoo, what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great."
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal, I'll slap you off that barstool
There goes another lawsuit, leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a tampax, and slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans...

[Pre-Chorus]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...

[Chorus B]
Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a River-er)
"I think I love you baby", I think I love you too (Cry me a River)
I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River-er)
I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too(Cry me a River)
They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a River-er)
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River)
"Ooooh boy you drive me crazy", bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah)

[Chorus A]
Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River)
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River-er)
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River)
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah)

[Outro]
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)
Cry me a river (Cry me, cry me)

(Cry me, cry me)



Let's take them back to the future (bars)
Bars, like Paul Rosenberg
The small frozen turd (don't censor me man)
Alright look, I had class, I just got expelled
I excelled at nothing in school
So if you're tryna test my patience it just failed
But King Mathers, I still get hailed
So call me sire, like I exhaled
After I had a deep ass breath held
I guess well, that'll make my size double XL
So kiss your highness's hinded ass
While I'm trying to stretch, it's time to exercise
I'm flexing, isometrics
Twice the reps 'til I get extra-sized
And set my bis and pecs and triceps on fire
Cause I'm coming out guns blazing
Like flaming pythons, my suggestion is parental discretion
Be advised, due to this mental aggression
We advise you to back up, like Byron Leftwich
I'm infectious, I rhyme like I got a sinus infection
A virus, I'm congested and I just ingested
Five Allegras but the side effects from these anti-depressants, they're tryna mess with my mind
I'm a regular Hyde and Jekyll
White with freckles but I silence hecklers
You might wanna head for the fire exits
I'm coming through like a wrecking ball
You would swear I think highly of Miley
And I respect her, the way I backhand her
Excuse my French, Montana, but I am worried about nutting
God damn it, I'm a sexist, I drive a Lexus
Textses out of her mind, and I'm in Texas
With a chainsaw, wait, what did I forget this
Time, oh, my machetes getting upset, he said
He was ready for me to come get him from inside the shed
It was time, he's restless
He wants to make blood shed like a storage unit
But before I do it, let me think this through
Cause if I behead this bitch then I'd be headless
Mic check, one, two
I ain't barely check the mic just yet
And I just sweared like twice as many times
In less than ninety seconds
Than Andrew fucking Dice ever did in his fucking life
But I guess I'm expected to make these kinds of violent records
It's why I keep rhyming reckless
Fuck it, I swear, like a diamond necklace
Since freestyling over phone tap, my line's connected
With rhymes that kept in touch with the fans, that's why the more bars, the better my reception
And I give a fuck about sales, and fuck pop, I don't even like refreshments
Cindy Crawford tryna fend me off with a bendy straw
At the waffle house, awful mouth
But if you don't like what I'm talking about then block me out
Just then Foxy Brown, walks up and knocks me down
Kicks me and socks me, ow
Apparently still mad over what I said last year
On that Vegas track, I just look stupid and stand there
And try to act like I can't hear
What? Sorry dear, but I think Pam Grier just stuck a tampon in my damn ear
That's when my man Denaun Porter ran behind me to pantomime
That if you wanna kick his ass, stand in line
Hands inside my pants as I fantasize taking advantage
Of Brandy and Janet by grabbing my Spanish Fly
Like a blind Hispanic guy with his zipper stuck
Give a fuck, it's all part of my grand design
To get Amanda Bynes to come and fucking blow me like a dandelion
Better watch your step, you 'bout to cross an outlandish mine
I'm what you get if Aaron Hernandez rhymed
So stand aside unless you plan to find out how handy I am with a branding iron
Fuck talking clear so you all can hear
I'd rather rap like a fucking auctioneer
Fuck around and walk from here to the Southpaw premier
Get on Paul's back, rapping Paul Revere
So call me queer, cause I'm always weird
So praise a Genius, hope this don't get taken out of text
But Hillary, I promise to wipe my server clean if you face subpoenas
Got a name that speaks for itself like Anthony Weiner
Hands in between my pants in a theater, jacking my meat
A fan of Trina, Angelina, and Christina and Serena and Selena
Scarlett Johansson, Tiffani Amber Thiessen
Give me a damn good reason and not wanna slip an Ambien in the Cappuccino
And try to have a 3-sum with Janet Reno
I'm fucked worse than Donald Trump
On Lexapro in Mexico across from a Texaco in McDonald's drunk
Broke and out of gas, busted water pump
Getting fondled up by Ronald, feeling him on his rump
Oh yeah, and me and Alyssa Milano hump
We do
Bringing the horror to emcees like the aura of the Run DMC fedora
Addidas and Diadoras but I need at least three to four of those Rita Oras
In a four seater Taurus but tell them my face is the best seat in the house
I'll let them bleed in my mouth while I'm eating them out (that's disgusting, ow Jesus)
Heat seeking missile, duck, demented, sick, hate and see who gives a fuck
I invented prick, and that's a true statement, I see the bitch in you Caitlyn
I keep the pistol tucked like Bruce Jenner's dick
No disrespect though, not at all, no pun intended, that took a lot of balls (ay God damn)
Oh and Azealia Banks just wanna tell you thanks
Now I got trailer skanks sending me ballpark franks in the mail as pranks
And hot pockets, thanks a lot
Awful, I made monopoly off misogyny
Sodomy, how many chocolatey jell-o pops can he possibly lace, walking atrocity
No wonder you scoff at me, it's still obvious I'm as off-putting as Bill Cosby is
Treat women like property, possessive like a noun with an apostrophe
S's, I'd probably stalk broccoli, yes it's
Socrates with a block of cheese and a dollar stuck in this soda pop machine
Got emcees dropping to knees, copping a plea bargain
They keep sobbing, like, ìplease stop itî
Aftermath, bitch, still Detoxing
Looking for us? We over here
Like we're eavesdropping



Well Jimmy moved in with his mother
Cos he ain't go no place to go
And now I'm right back in the gutter
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes

Cause you live at home in a trailer
What the hell you gonna do (yee-hah!)
Cause I live at home in a trailer
Mom I'm coming home to you

Well my name is Jimmy
He's name's Greg Buehl
Me and him and you, - we went to the same school
This ain't cool... I'm in a rage
He's tapping my mom and we're almost the same age
On the microphone I drop bombs
Look at this car... 'Thanks a lot, Mom!'
"Here and happy birthday Rabbit! Here's a brand new car, you can have it. A 1928 Delta..."
This shit won't even get me to the shelter
And I can't even say I'm from mowtown
Cause I'm back in the 810 now

Cos I live at home in a trailer
Mom I'm coming home to you



It's not about lyrics anymore, it's about a hot beat and a catchy hook

[Eminem]
If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it
Then so be it
.Cause nowadays these kids, jeez
Don't give a shit about lyrics
All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it
Long as they can go to the club and get blitz
Pick up some chicks and get some digits
And the DJ's playing them hits
Oh, this my jam, this my shit
We don't know a word to a verse,
All we know is the chorus
'Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us
And the songs ginormous, the whole formula's switched
'Cause we don't know anymore, what are hits
Is it the beat, is it the rap?
Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap?
And how do we adapt and get TRL votes
When 13 year olds control the remote
And Ashley's got a brand new nose
We gotta put some new emphasis on our syllables

[Jay-Z]
If the emphasis on the compact disc isn't the beat
Than I'm gonna feature EM and get rich
And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro
'Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow
Bang bang look at the way my chain glow
The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough, oh
The fuck am I busting my brain for?
It's just the way the game go, oh, it takes 2 to tango
You call this a lame flow
You bought the shit
I guess you to blame too
I just found the angle
No more reality flow
I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show
Cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97
And call my publicist, tell her, "We're in press heaven"
No one gives a shit except some kids who just got into sex on the Internet
So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu, Em?
Your emphasis is on the wrong syllable

[Dr Dre]
They said 30's the new 20
Funny, must mean 40's the new 30
Interesting 'cause ever since then it's been innocence
An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half
Of the shit coming out right now
It's all trash
The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed
Jay said it's his last and 50 and Em
Then what? Detox drops what we got then
So now our whole camps is running around scrambling over what to do
Gambling everytime we put a record out
Just looking for that hook

[Eminem]
(Wait, Dre, look)
Shorty I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be 'cause shorty
You love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you

[50 Cent]
Go shorty, it's your birthday
You made it just in time to hear my wordplay
It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's
And run G for days used to see how I get hoes
I'm international, I get my dick licked round the globe
I'm sick right into shows, riding on lolo's
Puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo's
Don't fuck with the dodo's, that's slang for dumb hoes
I playing, I ain't got time to joke, joke
You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked lock,
It's not a game, me B, I ain't playing
Beat behind me playing, so you ain't hear anyway
You don't hear what I'm saying
Me fin-nini-na
Fee-fi-dididee-yay
Just give me my check and I'll be on my way
Sunny bunny money and funny
You ain't even listening and I just took your money

[Stat Quo]
There once was a time everywhere he turned
Shady aftermath was all you heard
But they say 50 sang too much
And Em got soft
And they say Dre just fell the fuck off
Well, fuck the "Fuck off"s
All y'all eat salt, be mad, we bad fresh up outta the vault, oh!
New syllables eat ball, you fucks off's
Your house, your bitch I'm getting sucked off
East, south, midwest, even up north
Falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk
All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost
Catch me if you can, I'm running past while y'all walk

[Ca$hi$]
Shady made me for bringing it back
For the history of rap
It's gone with a snap, a sneer and a clap
What happened to just spitting about living in the motherfucking city you at
In the grimiest condition, I breath in drama
King Mathers and Cash me, that's freak karma
I'm everything, anything, you could never be
It's a hitting, rhyme in the month deep
I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind
I repeat every evil deed done of mine
No rest contest, contract to sign
By blood I'm in this squad for life
Hear out my wind pipes and I just chime
I'm the reason you guys won't say that line
I'm crazy renegade like Em and Jay-Z
I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me

[Eminem]
Shorty I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be cause shorty
You love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you

[Talking]
It is not about lyrics anymore,
It is not about lyrics anymore
It's about a hot beat, a hot beat
It's about a hot beat, a hot beat
A hot, hot, hot beat
And a catchy hook
A hot, hot, hot beat
And a catchy hook
Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, sillyle-ables, whatever they are
I don't care if you gotta rhyme smo, joe, toe and glow
Now get out there and sell some god-damn records



Don't ask me what's up with the hoes
I'm still working the kinks out
Love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin' out
And I ain't chillin now
I got an Oscar, I'm still a grouch
I use it as a doorstop, and the prop
For the broken leg for the couch
Yelawolf, Shady, Tony, touch Slaughterhouse
Yeah the swat team bout to break them flyswatters out
Go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out
Nice try, shorty what? We can window shop
The jewelry store
But Christ, for that price coulda bought a house
Besides only thing I ever had iced out was my heart since I started out
It's F.Y.I if ya ain't knowing
What go with you? Where? Nah ain't going.
Oh wait, you want a date oh? Well in that case ho it's June 8 oh
Kinda like Beethoven composin' a symphony of hate
So much hate woved into these raps
Shit I'm beginning to hate clothing
I hate overalls because they remind me of hoes
For christ sake they're shaped like a H woah, and
You know what else starts with H, though?
Hockey, shit thought I had the place flowing
I hate to put you on ice but
You already had 3 periods in 60 minutes, great going
Plus you remind me of cocaine ho
You always in the mirror with your face off
I feel an urge to put you all in a line
And chop you with a razor blade, yo wait
I'm an a-hole, devil with a Halo
Hell yeah I nailed J-Lo, to the railroad
Say I won't, better hope you can stay afloat
When I take the wind out your sail boat
I ain't playing yo! Go for Shady don't kid yourself
Bitch, you ain't even a baby goat



[Chorus]
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote

[Verse 1]
Your staring straight into a barrel of hate Terrible fate,
Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape
Cupid shot his arrow and missed
Wait Sarah you're late, your train left.
Mascara and eggs smeared on your face
Nights over goodbye, hoe
I thought that I told ya' the spilled nut ain't nothing to cry over
Never shoulda' came within Range of my Rover
Shoulda' known i was trouble soon as I rolled up,
Any chick who's dumb enough out there I blind fold her,
She still comes back to my crib, Must want me to mess with her mind hold up.
She must've took me for some high roller.
But i wont buy her a soda Unless it's rock n' rye cola. (Faygo's cheaper)
Buy you a bag of fritos I wouldn't let u eat the fucking chip on my shoulder.
If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dye for ya
Tryna pull 5 bucks from me is like tryna pulling 5 molars
You get your eyes swole up I'm on my straight grizzly
So why would i buy you a gay ass teddy bear, bitch, you're already bi-polar

[Chorus]
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote

[Verse 2]
Man TIP told me on this hoe tip
Best tip I could give you to hip you
Never let these traits trick you
Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love slut, shit
Dig you a hole
Take the shovel and dig you some dignity bitch
Shit you talk about some advice that sticks with you
If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns
Like double stick, its you, but fuck it TIP, it's cool
I'm chillin like a Villain
Like the penguin in it's fucking igloo eating fudgesicles
I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you
before I tie a fucking knot I'd tie you in one bitch
you think this is some Nintendo game how fucking dumb is you
I'll give you some mumps before I split some lump sums with you
So here's a penny for your thoughts but it won't buy you a cheeseburger although a nickle might just get you one pickle
Fuck it, its official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue
there's a bombshell, scud missile
Like I just cuss at you to fucking cuss at you
Like before I rapped I was some motherfucking stud
Slut, this will teach you not to come drunk, stumbling my way fo shizzle
I still live like I bought you the Gilbert slot checks stob bizzle
So fuck scissors these checkers are bust like a blood blister

[Chorus]
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote

[Verse 3]
Yeah I guess life is a bitch ain't it TIP
And each one thinks "Say this shit"
Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief
I'm giving these hoes a dose of there own medicine
Let em get a good taste of it
I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now
But in case you didn't
This is so bad, put a sticky note to your forehead and staple it
Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wasting it
So I pace this shit a little bit quicker
That clock come racing in double time
But I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time
It may take you pricks to catch on
While you strong arm like Stretch Armstrong
Man I still say K-mart's like there's an apostrophe "S" on it dog
And they say McDonalds isn't a restaurant well I guess I'm wrong
But if you gonna tell me that the A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the "F" on dawg

[Chorus]
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote



How the fuck he got an Oscar?
Passed out in his red Mazda
With his fucking head in his pasta
In the parking lot of k-mart plaza
Across from the red lobster
Looking like the Lochness monster
Dressed like a cross-dressed mobster
Talk is cheap it costs less to gossip
Iíd probably be a lot less
Hostile if you snots kept your shnozzes out the airholes
Or get fucked in all seven holes
Ass, mouth, pussy, yeah both ears and hah! yes nostrils
At the ozzfest with nas bumping das efx in wrecked up Datsun
And dropped two extra strength Watson vicodin out my pocket
They cost less I'm a hot mess cause I tripped and got my head stuck
In a waspís nest in the process awesome

Drunk as fuck
One sock pulling my boxers up with boxing gloves
But I keep dropping my fucking binoculars
Got two fucking hydroxycuts and four oxy's stuck in my esophagus
These three lesbian little stocky sluts
Thought I swallowed two hockey pucks
Started screamin' "Serves you right you cocky fuck!
That's what you get for mockin' us
Ain't as cool as you thought you was."
Bitch all I did when I walked up was have my dick in a sock
And it's a sock puppet so no strings attached you can all suck it
(Chick-uh) get it? Ah fuck it
Shits about to get hairy as motherfucking Chewbacca's nuts
Cocksuckers



[Eminem talkin']
Its all bad now man, its all bad
But yal done fucked up now
Yeah ha ha, new shit, hey yo
I just want the whole world to know:
That I did not start this, but I will finish it

[Verse]
Comin up it never mattered what color you was
If you could spit then you could spit, thats it, thats what it was
Back when, motherf*ckers was straight back packin
Cypherin, fightin for life in this rap
for the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped
and you hyped cuz you last and you might whoop some ass
If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man
and you swallowed it, when the unsigned hype column
at The Source was like, the only source of light
When the mics used to mean somethin, a four was like
you were the shit, now its like the least you get
three and a half now just means you a piece of shit
four and a half or five, means you Biggie, Jigga, Nas,
or Benzino I dont think you even realize
you playin with motherf*ckers lives, I done watched Dre
get ****ed on The Chronic, probably cuz I was on it
Now you fucked me outa my mics twice I let it slide
I said I wouldnt hold my f*cken breath to get a five
Sh*t I was right, Ida f*ckin died already tryin
I swear to God I never lie I bet thats why
you let that b*tch give me that bullsh*t review
I sat and took it, I aint look at the sh*t we knew
You'd probly try to f*ck us with Obie and 50 too
F*ck a relationship we through
No more Source with street cred, them days is dead
Dre's got A-Ks to Dave May's head
Every issue there's an eight page Made-Mens spread
Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head
That I am not afraid, hes just a f*ckin waste of lead
on my pencil, for me to write some sh*t this simple
So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed
This old Gs bout to get smoked like rolled weed
You dont know me or my motherf*ckin mother you motherf*ckin punk
Put me on your fuckin cover just to sell your little sell out mag
I aint mad I feel bad, heres an ad, heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad
You wanna talk about some sh*t that you dont know about? ya
Lets talk about how your puttin you own son out there
To try to eat off him, cuz you missed your boat
Your never gonna blow b*tch your just too old
No wonder your sore now lordy your bored now
Im pushin thirty your kickin fourty's door down
B*tch this is war now, and youl never beat me
all you do is cheat me out of QUATABLES but you know
that youl always see me on your TV
Cuz you gotta stay up till three in the mornin
To see your video played once on bet
So he-he-he who has the last laugh?
Aftermath ya so on behalf on our whole staff
kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back
Just know that Benzinos wack
no matter how many times I say his name, hell never blow jack
Your better off tryin to bring R-S-O back
Look at your track record thats how far it goes back
Its extortion n Ray own's a proportion
so half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from boston
Bullyin and bossin, Dave like a slave they've completely brainwashed him
And forced him to stay locked in his own office afraid of the softest
fakest, wannabe gangster in New York
And its pitiful, cuz I would have never said sh*t to you if you'd have kept your mouth shut
B*tch now what? Hit it Clue, spit it Slay
New sh*t, exclusive, yo Lantern, Whoo Kid
You know what to do with this: use it
Im through, this is stupid, I cant believe I stooped to this
bullsh*t to do this...

And who you callin a b*tch? B*tch. You owe me.



[Intro: Eminem]
Only reason I dissed you in the first place
is cause you denied seein me
Now I'm pissed off

[Eminem]
Sit back homie relax, in fact grab a six-pack
Kick back while I kick facts, yeah Dre, sick track
Perfect way to get back, wanna hear somethin wick-wack?
I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back
I'm (Obsesseed) now, oh gee
Is that supposed to be me, in the video with the goatee?
Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out
Bitch shut the fuck up, 'fore I put all them phone calls out
you made to my house when you was (Wild'n Out) before Nick
When you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about
How many times you fly to my house, still tryin to count
Better shut your lyin mouth if you don't want Nick findin out
You probably think cause it's been so long
if I had somethin on you I woulda did it by now
Oh on the contrary Mary Poppins I'm mixin our studio session down
and sendin it to masterin to make it loud
Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the fuck I do, Mariah it ever occur to you
that I still have pictures? However you prefer to do
and that goes for Nick too, faggot you think I'm scurred of you?
You're gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt
that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months
And only spread her legs to let me hit once
Yeah, what you gonna say I'm lucky? Tell the public 
that I was so ugly that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me?
Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick pumpkin?
The second week we were dry humpin, that's gotta count for somethin
Listen girly, surely you don't want me to talk about
how I nutted early cause I ejaculated prematurely
And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling
and said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curling
Or maybe you do, but if I'm embarrassin me I'm embarrassin you
And don't you dare say it isn't true
As long as that song's gettin airplay I'm dissin you
I'm a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued
I was gonna stop at 16, that was 32
This is 34 bars, we ain't even third of the way through
"Damn Slim, Mariah play you," Mariah who?
Oh, did I say whore Nick? I meant a liar too
Like I been goin off on you all this time
for no reason, girl you out your alcoholic mind
Check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine
Like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time
I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme
But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb
I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find
on an episode of "Cribs," a blow below the ribs
If I hear another word so don't go openin your jibs
Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs
I ain't sayin this shit again hoe, you know what it is
It's a warnin shot, 'fore I blow up your whole spot
Call my bluff and, I'll release every fuckin thing I got
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top
when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CD's in the same slot

[Interlude]
"Slim Shady... "
"Slim Shady..."

[Eminem {Mariah Carey samples}]
{"I love you"} I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo
Now what you say? {"It's nothin"} Yeah so what I'll do
is refresh your memory when you said {"I want you"}
Now should I, keep goin or should we call truce?
{"You think you're cute, right?"} You bet your sweet ass I do
{"I'm Mary Poppins, B"} And I'm Superman, ooh
{"Mary P - Slim Shady"} Comin at you
So if you'll still be my {"Baby girl"}
Then I'll still be your {"Superhero"}
{"Wilma M."} Yeah, I'm right here
{"You like this!"} Nope, not anymore dear
It cuts like a {"knife"} when I tell you get a {"life"}
But I'm movin on with mine, Nick, is that your {"wife"}
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone
If she don't {"stick to the script"} then I'ma just keep goin
Damn

[Outro]
"I see Mary Ann, Mary Ann's sayin cut the tape
Cut the tape, knife!"



[Chorus]
I am going up
I am going all the way through the fire
I get up and go higher 
So please donít bring me down
And nothing is gonna bring me down
I am going all the way thru the fire
I will get up and then go higher
So please donít knock me down
And nothing is gonna knock me down

[Eminem]
Now I ainít got no kids yet,
But this one here is for practice
I hate to get the seats in Benz wet.
But thatís how good your ass is.
Make an old man get his glasses.
Make Wesley pay his taxes
Then follow ur moves all weak on Twitter
Probably make a gay nigga consider.
You rocking now with the best Mayne. (man)
Dress game down to the sex game
Wonít brag but the boy has been blessed with the blessed mayne
Let you play with the stick ovechkayne.
Sheís calling, sheís texting
Sheís falling but let me explain
Gotta tell your old boyfriend 
Skate girl
Cauz a nigga donít play them ex games.
No! Straight sexing
No handcuffs or arresting
And I ainít coming off my last name.
Cauz I really canít take no stressing
Bout where I done been
Who I done hit
Your home girl saying 
Heís a bad boy
Bout where I done been
Who I done hit
Your home girl saying 
Heís a bad boy

She said
I heard you got a main chick
A mistress and some hoes
You be up to no good
And every body knows

I canít get enough of what you got
Good god
You hit the spot
Tried to let go but I just could not
So donít you stop I need that

Hey globetrotter,
Cole hotter
Either way
Out in London town
Hoes holla Cauz they love my sound
And I got love for the underground.
Kweli pimp C hot town
Where bun gets down
Met a bad bitch 
Thatíll cut all night
Thatíll suck all night
You just, cut off lights
Never fuss or fight 
Almost missed my flight
Tryna give my last girl a nut
All Right?
She be down for whatever 
Whenever I wanna get up in the guts
All Right?

On the grynd tryna find
This lettuce
I love it when you give me head
I hate it when you give me headaches

[Chorus]
I am going up
I am going all the way through the fire
I get up and go higher 
So please donít bring me down
And nothing is gonna bring me down
I am going all the way thru the fire
I will get up and still get higher
So please donít knock me down
And nothing is gonna knock me down 

[Eminem]
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we are dealt
We have to take these cards ourselves
And flip them. Donít expect no help
Now I could have 
Either just
Sat on my ass
And pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I am placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the posch hoped and prayed 
For a dad to show who never did
I just wanted to fit in
At every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it means acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me
Keep making
That face itíll get stuck like that
Meanwhile I am just standing
There holding
My tongue tryna talk like this
Till I stuck my tongue 
On that
Frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then
Cauz I wasnít tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
Cauz where you see it from where you are sitting
Its probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each others shoes
At least 
What size you wear??
I wear tens
Letís see if you can fit your feet

[Chorus]
I am going up
I am going all the way through the fire
I get up and go higher 
So please donít bring me down
And nothing is gonna bring me down
I am going all the way thru the fire
I will get up and then go higher
So please donít knock me down
And nothing is gonna knock me down



Sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak
When you feel weak, you feel like you just wanna just give up
But you gotta search within you, try and find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you, and get that motivation not to give up
And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face.

[Verse: Eminem]
Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
Cause when I am not, then I'm a stop pinnin' 'em and
I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'm a stop sendin'
'em, women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not
Get the illin' to stop, amoxacillin's just not real enough

[Verse: 50 Cent]
Now don't think I won't hit you, cause I'm popular
I got a P-90-Roog that'll pop at ya
Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya
My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya
Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes
Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you
Homie you ain't been through
What I been through
You not like me
And I'm not like you
I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy
Got semi-autos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me
One shot is not enough, you need at least an oozie to move me
After 4 bottles of don
The kid start feelin' woozie
I write my life
You write what you've seen in gangsta movies
I'm gangsta to the core, nigga you can't move me
I find my space at the top
I got this rap shit locked
I've never heard of you
You've heard of me, I'll murder you
Spit shells at your convertable
As long as you notice
Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door
This is war
You scared of me
Your not prepared for me
The Kid is back
50 Cent I know you like that

[Verse: Eminem]
The criminal cop killin' hip-hop villiana
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
Your comin' with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it
Like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot lyrics to shock,
Is it a miracle
Or am I just a product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot
Listen up,
You bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
Till the roof comes off,
Till the lights go out
Till my legs give out
Can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out
And my high burn out
I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse
Till the roof comes off
Till the lights go out
Till my legs give out
Can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out
Am I high, perhaps?
I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse

[Verse: Eminem]
Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin'
You get when you're real, and you spit and people are feelin' ya shit
This is your moment,
And every single minute you get try'n hold on to it
'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over
Just admit when it's at it's end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in
I got a list
Here's the order of my list that it's in -
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac... [Echoes]

[Verse: 2Pac]
Where my thugs at
Huh, increase the doses, bustin whoever closest
Thug livin, hell or prison, never losin my focus
I'm makin money moves manditory
In a discussion my past records tell a story
Picture niggaz we rushin and still bustin
Til the cops come runnin, duck in abandoned buildings
Ditchin my gun, homeboy the motherfuckin villain
I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legit list
So I laugh til I cry, when the law come get me
No baby momma drama, nigga miss me, why plant seeds
In a dirty bitch, waitin to trick me, not the life for me
Livin carefree, til I'm buried - and if they dare me
I'm bustin on niggaz until they scurry, I'm clearly
A man of military means in my artillery
Watchin over me through every murder scene
From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die
Sellin dope to all the fiends, at times I wanna cry
And still, we try to change the past, in vain
Never knowin if this game'll last, feelin ashamed
Of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I sellin my soul?
Got tired of small time livin, niggaz tellin me no
I got MINE, FUCK THEM OTHER SUCKERS, that's the mentality
Jealous-ass bustaz [x2]
I know you niggas been waiting for this shit for a long time
Well here it is nigga here it is

[Chorus]

[Verse: 2Pac]
No insanity plea for me, I ride the beef til I burn
Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned
And in turn I'm hostile guess you could call me anti-social
Niggaz shakin like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em
Try to politic, before I smoke em, like Sun Zu
Niggaz do unto these snitches, before it's done to you
And if the cops come arrest me in the evening
Best believe they comin for my dogs in the mornin
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggaz mourn me? Gettin blowed out
High, watch me murder the bird, before he testify
Strikes, walkin close to my third, I live a trouble life
And if you dream be a part of my team
From Long Beach to Queens, drug dealers to ex-fiends
Keep yo' eyes on the prize, nigga watch for bustaz

[Chorus]

[Verse: Eminem]
Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart, what is he thinkin'
About to go against me?, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my
Spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth
That would be the death of me first
'cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could
Ever be worse that's why I'm
Clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like
I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack,
Like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin'
At them, the track is on some
Battlin' rap who wants some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that
I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem & Nate Dogg]
Until the roof, (Until the roof)
The roof comes off (The roof comes off)
Until my legs, (Until my legs)
Give out from underneath me,
I, I will not fall,
I will stand tall
Feels like no one can
Beat me



[Eminem]
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish, 
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?"
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! ))
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics 
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you, 
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh )
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter))
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? ( Ha.. Hot )



[Eminem talking]
Yeah yeah
Tricky
Let's show 'em some love
Welcome to Detroit

[Chorus - Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a motherfuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla
I'ma call that rude boy from Detroit, Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up, bring them guns
Come to the club, meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh, somethin' smells a lil' fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me, Chedda boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom, yeah I see you, all my Detroit people
Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die

[Chorus - Eminem]
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky

[Verse 2 - Trick Trick]
Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me the fifty ?? and laced the track
This the beat, you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
My bad, almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick, head of the Goon Squad
And gangsta been bangin' the underground since '95, we're bangin'
Elected to be the villain and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled up outta prison
You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you never see
Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house

[Chorus - Eminem]

[Verse 3 - Trick Trick]
Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
From now on every beef that you get in, homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right
I been whippin' on motherfuckers for the longest time
So it's evident, it's time for Trick to get it fast
The public, see they appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
Got a fan-base that's bigger then an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can fear me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace with love
And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us

[Chorus - Eminem]

[Outro]
Yeah, Trick Trick
Eminem, Wonder Boy, Shady
It's goin' down baby
Ayo Em, I got you back my nigga
Damn right I said my nigga
That's my nigga
Tricky



[Introduction:]
ñ I remember... the first time I came here, it's been a rough six years,
And I'm just happy to not be that person anymore and so as my wife.
Thank you for letting me do this.
That's all I have to share right now.
ñ Is there anyone else who would like to share with us tonight?
[Eminem:] Uuh yeah.
[Eminem:] My name is Marshall.
[Crowd:] Hello Marshall.

[Eminem:]
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...

[Verse 1]
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Verse 2]
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Verse 3]
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding,"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
"You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin
"I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going"
"But baby wait,
"It's too late Dad, you made the choice
"Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep.. screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain and scream "die Shady" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say..

[Chorus/Outro]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Ending:]
[Eminem:] Thank you, thanks for letting me share.



[Hook: Anna]
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
[2x]

[Verse 1:]
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit thats been thrown at me
or am I just a little snappy
and they genuinly care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
what the fuck good does that do me now
but somehow I know you're near me in presence
or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
and dawg you'll never believe this
but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
if its true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
difficult as it sounds

[Hook: Anna]
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
[2x]

[Verse 2:]
Doody, thats what we call eachother
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
we was always brothers
never thought about eachothers skin colours
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
tryna walk under the trees
just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
when I look over and his shirt is off
I'm like you gon fry and like
"No I wont, I'm black stupid
black people they got melatonin
in their skin, we don't burn"
meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
like I'm on fire
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
and I still have to get you back for that shit
and by the way them playboy rings
my mother stole from you
well Nate finally got em back shit
it must have been at least 16 years ago
well I put em in your cask-owww
moving past it, it still aint registered yet
but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
the motor city mo-town
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
it don't stop there
yeah, as difficult as it sounds

[Hook: Anna]
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
[2x]

[Verse 3:]
and this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
and I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
and hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it
and as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
it feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
we shut off all our pages,
all our cell numbers is changed
our two-ways are in the trash
so some cats will have to find a new way
and I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
but the truth is there all still here and you ain't
purple gang, you gotta pressing on
don't ever give up the dream dog
I got love for you all
and Doody, it's true you bought people together who never
woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
you were the peacemaker Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
but you hated confrontation
and truly hated the feuding
but you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
if it had to happen, it had to happen
believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to
throw them balls back on Dresden
from making cars to paintballing
getting arrested
to sitting across from eachother in cells laughing and jesting
they tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
didn't show up for court
so we got off on a technicality, left sweating
me, you and whats his face
I forgot his fucking name
shame he even came to your funeral
he betrayed our team
and if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face
and thats on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
for you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
just before we were supposed to get in cars
to come and see you once more
difficult as it sounds

[Hook: Anna]
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
[4x]



[Intro: Dr. Dre]

Ha, yeah, hell yeah, ha knowhatI'msayin
(Sssss)

[Verse One: Dr. Dre]

Yeah, Mista Busta, where the fuck ya at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know ya got your gat
Your dick on hard, from fuckin your road dogs
The hood you threw up with, niggaz you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor, to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homey, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth
Nigga bow down to the row
Fuckin me, now I'm fuckin you, little hoe
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on
Stompin on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud, and stay low-key
B.G. cause you lost all your homey's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked wit me, now it's a must that I fuck wit you

[Interlude: Dr. Dre]

Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin about
We have your motherfuckin record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You knowhatI'msayin, punk motherfucker
(We want Eazy, we want Eazy)

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy
It seems like you're good for makin jokes about your jimmy
But here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was the 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, I'm talkin about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud, but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg oh is he crazy?
With ya mama and your daddy hollin' Bay-Bee
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre nigga you're fuckin wit Death Row
And I ain't even slangin them thangs
I'm hollin' one-eight-seven with my dick in yo mouth, beeyatch

[Interlude: RBX]

Yeah nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit get yo motherfuckin cranium cracked nigga
Step on up. Now, we ain't no motherfuckin joke so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R. Yeahhh, MOTHERFUCKER!

[Verse Three: Dr.Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bendin over, so Luke's gettin fucked, busta
Musta, thought I was sleazy
Or though I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity, made ya speak but ya spoke
Ay yo Dre, whattup, check this nigga off loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with
Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on ya tonsils
While ya on stage rappin at your wack-ass concerts
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
To show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gon creep to South Central
On a Street Knowledge mission, as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryin to check my homey, you better check yo self
Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, MOTHERFUCKER
Yeah nigga...

[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre, dropin chronic once again
It don't stop, Punishing punk motherfuckers real quick like
Compton style nigga,
Doggy Dogg in the motherfuckin house, yeah
Long Beach in the motherfuckin house, yeah
Yeah, straight up, really doe
Breakin all you suckaz off somethin real proper like
YouknowhatI'msayin?
All these sucka ass niggaz can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E Eazy-E Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke, can eat a fat dick, yeah...



[Verse One:]

Creepin' down the back street on Deez
I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these
Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
ya wanna make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggaz comin' like the Gotti boys
bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
with their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker i'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches, clockin' all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by, cuz I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E, from the CPT
on a ryhmin' spree, a straight G
Hop back as i pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
yeah, cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo')
with all the niggaz sayin 

[Chorus:]

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
with all the niggaz sayin
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride 

[Verse Two:]

just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just
that gangster glare, with gangster raps
that gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps, uhh
word to the motherfuckin streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats, that I
hit ya with that I, get ya with
as I groove in my four on deez, hittin the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Reme Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
on my dick, cause my four on hit
pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah
(Rollin in my six-fo') with all the bitches sayin 

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
on my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin
Checkin my rearview, cause niggaz they will do
jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
but I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang
so on, and so-on, why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak; now everybody
peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say, every single motherfuckin day, yo
But I ain't trippin I'm just kickin it
While my deez keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin I'll be
(Rollin in my six-fo') With everybody sayin 

[Chorus: to end]



[Intro: guy talking]

I'ma say this and I'ma gettin mine. If you ain't down for the Africans
here in the United States, period point blank. If you ain't down for the
ones that suffer in South Africa from apartheid and shit. Devil you need to
step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us Africans step in
and start puttin some funk in that ass 

[Hook:]

Break em off sometin [8x]

[Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
[repeat]

[Verse One: Dat Nigga Daz]

They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand
The reason why they take me life and me ???? hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me gun goes click, me gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them rion in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock it down at seven o'clock, then again it's like Beirut
Me don't show no love cuz it's us against them
Them never ever love me cuz it's sport to break de,
and kill at my own risk if I may
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest 

[Interlude: news report]

Yes we have. There have been riots, ahh, rioting, well I don't wanna say
rioting but there's been looting downtown, but right now Bree, what I want
to show you is, they have started fires down at the end of the street 

[Bridge:]

[All] How many niggaz are ready to lose?
[Snoop] Yeah, so what you wanna do?
[Dre] What you wanna do?
[All] I said how many niggas are ready to lose
[RBX] Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 

[Interlude: guy talking]

Nobody told us today, in otherwords, 
You're still a slave. No matter how
much money you got, you still ain't shit 

[Verse Two: Dr. Dre] 

Sittin in my livin room calm and collected 
Feelin mad, gotta get mine respected
cuz what I just heard broke me in half
and half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the Row, is bailin
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad cuz they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
They find that they couldn't handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
with the Ese's thumpin, nigga it's time ta rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I don't love dem so they can't love me)
Yo straight puttin down gettin my scoot on
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
and come up on me some furniture or sometin
Got a VCR
in the back of my car
that I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
Cuz they will see that I can't be stopped
Cuz I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop 

[Interlude: news report]

There has been videotape and you can see of the, aah, some of the crowd
throwin things at the officers
And swingin at them as well. Like there was a young woman there. You see
she took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand 

[Bridge:]

[All] How many niggaz are ready to lose?
[Snoop] Yeah, so what you wanna do?
[Dre] What you wanna do?
[All] I said how many niggas are ready to lose
[RBX] Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 

[Chorus: RBX]

I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
[repeat]

[Verse Three: RBX]

One-time trigger happy, no nigga love
187 time, time to grab the glove
Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away
or get prints so my Uzi witta spray
POP POP POP another motherfucker drop
And I get relived like *?Bop Bop says?*
smash, I crashed his head like a window
I ain't no dead do', I'm high off the indo
Creepin with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut
And cracker so now he best to back up
I guess I gots ta pack up, fillin the clip up, I zip up-
town, the motherfuckin cops are all around
Helicopters flyin
These motherfuckers tryin
to catch me and stretch me on Death Row
but hell no's the poor black refuse to go 

[Interlude: news report]

This is now coverin a very, very wide area of Los Angeles where these
fires have been, aah, ignited. I mean, from here to the, aah, to the south
end of South Central is a long way 

[Hook:]

Break em off sometin [8x]

[Verse Four: Dat Nigga Daz]

The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall
Niggaz don't give a fuck so tem bust and before
niggaz backin up three black shows
No justice so they copied ya right
and here I am again, me, turn the other cheek, me
Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights
so me bust, flick cuz he don't give a fuck
and me don't give a fuckin of my problems
In with their FUCK FUCK 

[Outro: Snoop Doogy Dogg]

Blak blam, blam to dem fall
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg, biddy-bye
Dr Dre him bust gun shots
Diggity Daz and RBX them bust gun shots
Come again!



[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
One, two, three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance, so back on up
(Cause you know we 'bout had to rip shit up)
Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothin' but a G thang, baby!
Two loc'ed out G's so we're crazy!
Death Row is the label that pays me!
Unfadable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But, uh, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected, so I'm 'a let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have ta' find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin' her man,
And learnin' her man, and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't wit that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
(yeah) And that's realer than real-deal Holyfield
And now you hookas and ho's know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

[Hook ó Snoop Doggy Dogg:]
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

[Dr. Dre]
Well I'm peepin', and I'm creepin', and I'm creep-in'
But I damn near got caught, 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know, and I know, I flow some ol' funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If ya' do, ya' have no clue
O' what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do

[Hook ó Snoop Doggy Dogg & Dr. Dre:]
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So jus' chill, 'til the next episode

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Fallin' back on that ass with a hellified gangsta' lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a' old batch o' collard greens
It's the capital S, oh yes, the fresh N-double O-P
D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G ya' see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' ho's and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in a mood for some motherfucking G shit
So Dre. (What up Dogg?)
We gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumpin' (City of Compton!)

[Dr. Dre]
It's where it takes place so I'm a ask your attention
Mobbing like a motherfucker but I ain't lynching
Droppin' the funky shit that's making the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfucking homie Doggy Dogg has my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'm a continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And if your bitches talk shit, I have ta' put the smack down
Yeah, and ya' don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on, 'til the break dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better

[Hook ó Dr. Dre & Snoop Doggy Dogg:]
Like this, that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those
So jus' chill, 'til the next episode



[Hook: Dre, Daz & Snoop]

[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check one
[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check two
[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check three
[Snoop] Check game from the notorious Compton G 

[Dr. Dre]
Back with some shit that gots to bump
As a pull up in the park you pops the trunk
Just to floss you like a motherfuker, clownin' their shit
Gots the Dana's on your hootie and your fly ass bitch
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that hoe
If she proper, I'ma pop her the hole hopper
It's back on the track
With big money, big nuts, and a big fat chronic sack 

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
So Daz, step up on the ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past 

[Dat Nigga Daz]
Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E, so you know I must be dope
But uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Startin' static with Dre, make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavy
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
Long Beach, tic tac, grab your gat, watch your back
Here I come, stompin' in my kakhi suit
BG from the hood can fuck Eastwood
God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling 

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
But did you raise up all this nuts?
Cause Dr. Drizzay's about to rizzip shit up 

[Hook: Dre, Daz & Snoop]

[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check one
[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check two
[Daz] Chiggie check
[Dre] Microphone check three
[Snoop] You tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E 

[Dr. Dre]
Now check me out, it's back to the old school
Where the niggaz get their strap on, don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G
Real G'z who drop K's, protect these N-U-T, so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit
(Beeyatch!!) So recognize game from the gangsta
Thangs will remain the same until I change 'em 

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
It's real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double G 

[Nate Dogg]
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong, motherfuckin day
Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong, motherfuckin day
Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street



[Verse One: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Wake up, jumped out my bed
Hung in a 2 man cell wit my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder can you save me
I'm only 18, so I'm a young buck
It's a ride, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck
But that's the life of a G, I guess
Ese's way deep, shanked two in they chest
Bests run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker
Ugn, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Getting a rep as a young hog
It ain't nuttin like the street life
Betta be strapped wit yo clip, cuz ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots ta handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots ta do my time 

[Chorus: Dat Nigga Daz]

Lil' ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto streets
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility 

[Verse Two: Dr. Dre]

Now, I'm 'trolling the dove, sitting on swoll
27 years old, off on parole, stroll
I'm back up on my feet wit my mind on the money
That I'm making as soon as I touch the street
Things done changed but it's alright
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
But it ain't no thing to me
'Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed O.G.
The little homies from the hood wit grip
Are the ones I get wit 'cause I'm down respect trip
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what'cha wanna do
Didn't know we had a 22
Straight sitting behind his back
I'm grab his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground wit blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I use to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get (for what)
For trying to jack them little homies for they bread 

[Chorus: Dat Nigga Daz]

Lil' ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto streets
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility 

[Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Something for the real OG's to get wit
Some facts, made our made, now you wanna run and play
Like every single day, really doe
You know me, I'm the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie
No need to be uncalm if you pack right
And learning just enuff to keep your sack right
Late nights, I wonder what they getting fo'
Early morning on the corners, what they hitting fo'
Seven young G's but they serve down
In a jeep ride, east side what they swerve now
Not thinking about what's really going on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone
I spent 4 years in the county wit nutting but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
'Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
'Cause you's a hustling ass youngsta, clocking your grip 

[Chorus: Dat Nigga Daz]

Lil' ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto streets
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility



[Chorus:]

Who is the man with the masterplan?
A Nigga Witta motherfucking Gun!

[Dr. Dre]
44 reasons come to mind
Why you motherfucking brothers hard to find.
He be walkin' on the streets and fuckin' with mine.
Stupid punk can't fuck with a mastermind.
See I never take a step on a Compton block
Or LA without the AK ready to pop.
'Cause them punk motherfuckers in black and white
Ain't the only motherfuckers I got to fight.
I think it's better to retellin' the facts than cuffed up
And jacked and fucked up.
What you niggas looking at? You do in...
Goddamn, 'cause it's the city.
And for a youth to survive a nigga gotta be a gangster.
And I'm a nigga you can't remove.
Took out a lot of motherfuckers for tryin' to prove
To their homies they can hang by dealin' with me.
But once again in the end they D-E-A-D.
I never did time on a murder yet.
'Cause I relax and back do a job and jet.
Yo, I know you understand my flow,
So here we go when Death Row
Come. Let a motherfucker know...

[Chorus: 2x]

[Dr. Dre]
D-R-E! A motherfucker who's known for carryin' gats
And kick raps that make snaps.
Adapts to anything violent that I'm located at.
If you see me on the solo moves believe that I'm strapped.
44, .38 or AK 47.
'Cause Mo' live with Charlie Sheen.
You want a stairway to heaven?
Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back
And lay a punk motherfucker flat.
As he wonder what popped before he got popped,
I told you I was Dre and you know it don't stop.
Now I know you understand my flow,
So here we go when Death Row
Come. Let a motherfucker know...

[Chorus: 4x]

[Dr. Dre]
I break some off. I break some off.
Yeah, I break some off. I break some off.
Yeah, I break some off.
But I ain't speakin' about between the thighs.
I'm talkin' about cockin' a guage in between your eyes.
That'll make you drop to your knees, 'cause you realise
That a gat will make any nigga civilised.
Old buster ass nigga talkin' bullshit.
Don't know that I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with.
Get lit or hit up by the doctor.
A nigga to break some off properly.
Real G.
So don't doubt it.
I'm the one who's doin' it
While these other niggas talk about it.
And if motherfuckers come at me wrong
I straight put my 44 Desert Eagle to his motherfucking dome.
And show him why they call me the notorious one.
The name is Dre, Eastwood when I'm packin' a gun.
You don't believe me, wanna step up and give it a try.
And if you die you's a buster 'cause real niggas don't die.
But some still don't hear me though.
You're too ninny not to hear me nigga, yo.
So now you know...

[Chorus: 4x]



[Intro: guy talking]

You really don't understand do you?
Hey man, don't you know
In order for us to make this thing work
We gotta get rid of the pimps, and the pushers, and then start
All over agian clean 

NIGGAZ you crazy! 

[RBX]
Once again
The mighty Death Row organization commitin' mass murder
And we ain't askin for shit, nigga we takin'
It, so Dre, BLAST they ass nigga 

[Dr. Dre]
Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of LA
Wonderin' where the pussy at
Staright for ya, looking for a hoe
Hangin' out, rollin in my '64
16 swicthes for the niggaz in my hood
17 shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
Ya come outside nigga ya gettin' fucked up
But I told ya, Creep, Creep ya best move
Like Luthor Vadros, fuckn' up the west coast
I'm right back up in ya when ya nut
1-2-3 nut, from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my '64 and a lot of doe
I keep ya this and like that
And I... 

[Chorus:]

[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 

[Interlude: some guys talkin']

Ohh wait, that's that nigga that owe ya that grip
Ya,there that fool is
Break him off proper then
What's up, what's happinin'?
I'm the man, what's up?
Nigga you delinquent, can I get those in?
Nigga, pay this nigga here
(I ain't got yo money)
Well, yo, check this out, nigga
What's up *slaps around some guy that owes them money*
What's up?
What's up?
Ya motherfucker
(I'll be back though, I'll be back)
Ya, you ain't never comin' back, fool 

[Chorus:]

[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Yeah nigga
[both] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr.Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 

[Dr. Dre]
Creepin and peepin' and I can get with these
The chronic, slangin' fat keys from my block
And it don't stop
Tell me where ya wanna go
To the strip
Or take a trip bawlin' with the row
My shit off in ya system
Indo smoke in ya lungs, like that
And you can lift it, on, and a fist a bomb
Takin' away like hell at Veitnam 
California, back in and on a mission, makin a point
Ain't no fuckin' competition
they wish they was a runnin' up in reality
C-P-T, CAL my locality
It's strage how I re-arange and change the buisness
By droppin' shit like this
Dope, ya can't cope with the real
I peal, in the penatentaries, and when I kill it goes... 

[Chorus:]

[both] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I... 
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[both] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr. Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Dr. Dre] Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I..
[Snoop] Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Straight up, now you niggaz know where my homey's comin' from
so quit the chit-chat, before ya find yourself flat on your biz-out, fool
it's 9-deuce, Dr. Drizzay, is sittin on Tizzart! It don't stop
treartin' buster's like a punk ass kizzart!
BEEEYYACHH!



[Intro:]

This should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential area 

[Lady Of Rage]
Now I'ma kick up dust
As I begin to bust
On the wick-wack, fucked up suckers you can't trust
When I pick up I lick up, ya face get smacked up
when I rack up, so all you motherfuckers just pack up
Or get slapped with the swiftness
If you think you're swift then forget Merry Christmas
Now stuff that in your stocking
I'm knockin em out the box 'n'
Knockin em out their sock 'n'
Cuz Robin is rockin
Breakin em down to the slab
Takin em down on their ass
Now what you wanna do? Ya wanna battle, huh?
See ya watch and creak without a motherfuckin paddle
Rattle that brain, I'm not that same ol' plain Jane
We're on you like a border, you're nothin more than a crane
Or a pebble, take it from the real rap rebel
Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to that other level
You think you got pull then pull it, uhh!
I got the trigger so I figure you'll bite the bullet
Then bite the dust and wipe the fuck
Do what I must and what I must is bust
The bubble or choose some trouble, forty-due's
So stick to my Luger, Lady of Rage is comin thru 

[Dre] - (Some cool shit, some cool shit)

[Kurupt]
I fears no one, I makes em cool off like a ploar cap
Lynchin as I hits, misses the ?rollin back?
Pushin packs to make a profit
Diggy dope stuck on the topic so stop and gimme my pops, kid
I'm livin large like a fat bitch
So get back, bitch, I'm hard to broke art so the faggots
This young black kid, I'm mercenary, merciless
Murderin mega some niggas so who's first to diss
They say I'm bad so you'll find none worst than this
Chewin motherfuckers up like a Hershey Kiss
Put to sleep, rippin the lyrics I'm leavin ??? ???
Rough wind flex too complex, wrecks, then I'm peace
So feel the wrath, nigga, I rip in half niggas
Ya quick ta talk shit I whip your ass nigga
So watch me blast, nigga, cuz I'm the last nigga
ya wanna fuck wit, so up your cash, nigga
I make stagger, ob' skills and jimmy ragged
Home in and drag her, sit wit ya girl and watch me tag her
Pullin steel like a stunt
Sold like an ID card, nigga, no needs ta front, so
here to torment up a track on crack
and I'm strapped witta semi-toll milli-ten Mac
Yo, I breaks em off, I breaks em off cheap
Deadly as Jason on Friday The 13th 

[RBX]
Back in the days, niggas they use to scrap
but now in ninety-due', niggas they pull they strap
Cuz, umm, police dem come wicked and dem shoot
Niggas, so niggas retaliate and start to loot
Execute, boom, stompin black soldier
Here ta teach and mould ya
The ennerator, dominator, narrator RB to the motherfuckin X
Flex wicked styl-e, bompin be found into greed by a
Maniac with a gat
See nowadays niggas is like that
I pull my trigger back, the bullets go
BOP BOP BOP now I'm on Death Row
Fuck it, niggas goin wild, everynight they shoot
It's like Beirut
Maybe you should get a teflon vest for your chest
Anytime ya step into my hood
But that'll do you know good
One slug to ya face, no hate, you gettin smoked like wood
Nasty nigga but he pumps, face back on the concrete
Here comes the white sheet
Mr. Coroner cocked with some yellow tape
But the murderers escape
Audi lane 5 G's
Lyrical gangbang but it's just a G thang



[Intro: Dr. Dre (Lady Of Rage)]

Yo yo whut sup?
Yo man, give me some of that ol' gangsta shit, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Some shit I can just kick back to, smoke a fat ass joint to
YouknowhutI'msayin? He hahahahahahaha
Hell yeah! You know what I'm talkin about?
I like that ol' gangsta shit
Cuz you know it's a lot of niggas out there
woofin all that bullshit talkin 'bout they got this and got that
Talkin louder than a motherfucker but ain't sayin shit
Heh y'knowhutI'msayin?
(Dem come witta, dem come witta, dem come wit da wickedness)
Yeah nigga I see your lips quiverin 
But you ain't sayin a motherfuckin thing
For my niggas, I got my niggas in the motherfuckin he-ouse
and they gon' tell yo' what's really goin on
Got my motherfuckin nigga RBX...definitely in this motherfucker
I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker ready to kick some real shit
Y'knowhutI'msayin?
And that lil' shit cha hear in the background, that's my homegirl Rage
So RBX kick this shit 

[RBX]
Seven execution style murders
I have no remorse cuz I'm the fuckin murderer
Haven't you ever heard of a killer?
I drop bombs like Hiroshima
So now I walk around strapped
One-time bust they caps and watch niggas collapse
Snap! Adapt to this but you need no adapter
This is just the first chapter
in a book from a crook
You get caught slippin yo' ass gots ta die
Nigga, tell me what the fuck you figure?
Trigger? Happy RBX to cap ya
POP POP and I can't wait to bust a pound
POP POP my hollow points smacks the clown
Cuz what I said split his head
And now they got me runnin from the feds
But I refuse to go alive
It's kill or be killed, that's how real niggas survive
I'm high powered! 

[Outro: Dat Nigga Daz]

Yeah!
It's Daz that mass-murderin motherfucker
So what you feel like you wanna get caught up?
Fool you better recognise
Death Row came to chastise
So if you cross the Row
Remember the first name is Death
No love for the other side



[Intro: Bushwick Bill]

Yes, it is I says me
And although me
By morning three, cause they're weak
[laughter]
Yes, yo!, I'm in the house now for sure
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Who knows what evil lurks within them
But lets take a travel down the blindside
And see what we find on this...
Path...
Called... 

[Verse One: Kurupt]

Stranded on Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal
Niggaz know, the flow that I kick, there's no refill
I'm murderin niggaz, Yo, and maybe because of the tone
I kicks my grip, the mic and kick shit
Niggaz can't fuck with
So remember I go hardcore, and slam
Nuff respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossin
What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson
Take a walk through the hood, and we up to no good
Slangin on things like a real ho
G should, I'm stackin and mackin and packin a ten so
When you're slippin, I slip the clip in
But ain't no steady tripppin
Cause it's Death Row, rollin like the mafia
Think about whoopin some ass, but what the fuck stoppin ya
Ain't nathin but a buster
I'm Stranded on Death Row for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know you're outdone
Feel the shotgun, Korrupt inmate cell block one 

[Verse Two: RBX]

No prevention from this mention of sorts
Your're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile
From the lunatic, I death like arsenic
When I kick up wicked raps
That the grain will hit the scratch
With treachery, my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms
When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms
In this dimension, I'm the presenter
And the inventor, and the tormentor
Deranged, like the hillside strangler
MC mangler, tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do
The narrator RBX, cell block two 

[Verse Three: Lady of Rage]

Rage, lyrical murderer
Stranded on Death Row
And now I'm servin a lifetime sentence
There'll be no repentence
Since it's the life that I choose to lead
I plead guilty
On all counts let the ball bounce where it may
It's just another clip into my AK
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my matress
Bed frame there's another dead pain
Layin lain with the shame, who's to blame
Me, the lady of Rage
On when I'm comin from the D-E-A-T-H in
R-O-W takin, no shit
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop
Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate
It's Rage, from cell block eight 

[Verse Four: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

And yo steppin through the fog
And creepin through the smog
It's the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
Makin videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Bustin raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga
Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a quick one servin my rocks
And I'm still, servin for mines, peace
To my motherfuckin homies doin time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbin with your blues on, mad as hell
And you say yeah fuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And it's drivin the cops crazy
But ain't nuttin but a black thing bay-bee, uhhh
No I'm not flaggin, but I'm just saggin
I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G
And you can't see, the D-R to the E
Or my motherfuckin homey D.O.C.
You know you can't fuck with my motherfuckin DJ
That's my homey and we call him Warren G
Yeah, and you don't stop
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound
That's the only way we'll beat em man
We gotta smoke em, then choke em
Like the motherfuckin peter man
It's like three and to the two
And two and to the one
Cell block four peace Doggy Dogg's done 

[Outtro : Bushwick Bill]

Yo, now you know the path I'm on
You think you're strong, see if you can travel on
Cause only the weak, will try to speak
Those who are quiet, will always cause riots
There's three types of people in the world
Those who don't know what happened
Those who wonder what happened
And people like us from the streets that MAKE things happen!



[Verse 1: RBX]
Cannabis Sativa, ha ha, or in the heart of L.A. known as the Chronic
Not to be confused with the Bionic
Even though, it does cost six million dollars
Man, understand, ah, ha, ha
Now, we're working with some new improved shit on this track
Nevertheless, not no stress, sucker ass niggaz!!
So now we're gonna move on and uhh...
Light a big fat one up for the world; and hit this
Once or twice and you'll be twice as nice, get it?
This is the Chronic, ahh, hha, hha

[Interlude 1: Ruben]
Play that motherfucker out there, nigga!!

[Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell]
Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

[Verse 2: RBX]
Stay in my last joint, don't fuck with me fool
Pass the bud, Who got the dope sacks?
WooooooWheee, this is shouting a motherfucker, man
[Snoop Dogg] You can take it or leave it, nigga
But I need a spliff right now
[Lady of Rage] Roll this shit up then, nigga
And I don't want no Sess, brother
It's got to be the Chronic, you know what I mean, nigga?
(Inhale) Yeah, that's the Chronic
That's the Chronic, that's the Bomb bud
[Lady of Rage] You ain't never lied, nigga
Now, get me a motherfucking Zig-Zag and we're straight
[Snoop Dogg] Yeah nigga, I got some of that
Or better yet, a motherfucking blunt 
[Lady of Rage] I got that shit 
A Philliy blunt that is
[Lady of Rage] See you dog

[Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2]
Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

[Interlude 2: RBX]
God, damn, I'm fucked up!!
[Lady of Rage] Damn, I'm fucked up too
That shit ain't no joke, awww, shit
No, I want no more, I want shit
Just leave me alone, just let me chill out
And listen to this shit, I'm high!

[Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2]
Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

[Verse 3: RBX]
That's fucked up, what they put in this weed?
That's why they call this shit Chronic
[Lady of Rage] I think your ass is high
Uhh, damn, damn, damn, shit
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked, raises the fuck up
Really though, really though
Now, I'm cooler than a motherfucker
That shit, that shit is, that shit's crazy, man
I'm high, damn, that nigga Dre served some shit now..
Oohhhh, I'm ready to fuck some shit up now, baby
[Emmage] Ohh, you can come on and fuck me up
Hmm, hmm, triple cheeseburger
[Emmage] Awww, you're just talking about some food
Some fries, and motherfucking couple of Sodas and shit
And.. hot apple turnovers and all the old shit, nigga
(Yawn) I'm ready to get my mind on
The Bud smells good than a motherfucker too
I don't want hit no more of that old shit 
That shit is nice to be fucked with
Nice to be fucked with, I'm hiiighh
Ohhh, nigga, you pass that shit to somebody else
Nigga, I'm through for the night
Really though, really though, nigga
Let's go and get some food and get up out this motherfucker
Cause uhh.. no nigga, don't be trying to pass me that shit
Nigga, I told you I'm cool, ohh, maddness!

[Outro: Ruben]
Ha, I got another dope sack, nigga, Ha ha ha

[Music fades out]



[Snoop] Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks...

[Chorus (Snoop (2X):]
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Get the fuck out after you're done
And I hope in my ride to make a quick run...

[Dr. Dre]
I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tight than a motherfucker with the gangsta beats
And we was ballin' on the motherfucking Compton streets
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfucking pockets was fat
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hangin' with a white bitch doin' the shit she do
Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
Now she's suing 'cause the shit she be doin' ain't shit
Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short
So now she's takin' me to court
It's real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz

[Dat Nigga Daz]
Now as I'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fuckin' hoes, clockin' dough up to no good
We flip flop and serve hoes like flap jacks
([Snoop:] But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash
And get your dash on
While you're chillin', with your homies and shit
And how my niggaz kick the anthem like this

[Snoop] Bitch!!

[Chorus]

[Kurupt]
...To the store, to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
So I head down the street to long beach
Just so I could meet, a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up
Nothin' but homies around so I put my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes
But I'm from the pound and we don't love them hoes
How could you trust a hoe? [Snoop:] Why? [echoed 3X]
'cause a hoe's a trick
We don't love them tricks [Snoop:] Why? [echoed 3X]
'cause a trick's a bitch
And my dick's constantly in her mouth
And turnin' them trick ass hoes the fuck out
Now...

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I once had a bitch named Mandy May
Used to be up in them guts like everyday
The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker lickin' the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figure niggaz wouldn't trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one time
I'm back to the motherfucking' county jail
6 months on my chest, now it's time to bail
I get released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homey Dr Dre
Scooped in a coupe, Snoop we got news
Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues
I ain't been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfucking chin checking
Move up the block as we groove down the block
See my girl's house, Dre, pass the glock
Kick in the door, I look on the floor
It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my hoe, yo
(Bitches ain't shit)
I uncocked my shit... I'm heart-broken but I'm still locked
Man, fuck a bitch!

[Chorus]

[Jewell]
[Dr. Dre in background "Bitches ain't shit"]
I don't give a fuck about a bitch
But I and her know that they can't fade this
'cause I'm doin my own thingdown with the swang
I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thing
I say you know can't deal
'cause I'm a bitch that's real
Motherfucker need to step back, hell yeah
They need to chill
Because I don't give a fuck
And I don't give a fuck [x3]

And now I gotta do some...
And now I gotta do some shit that's clean
But when I'm on a dick, hell yeah, I get real mean
Like a washing machine
I can wash the clothes
All the hoes knows
That I'm on the floor ho
But they can't hang with my type on swang
I ain't tryin' to say I suck every ding-a-lang
But just the juicy ones
With he tip of the tongue
And then their sprung
With the nuts hung
[Dr. Dre:] Bitches ain't shit



East coast (killer), West coast (killer) [repeat 8X]

[Verse One: RBX]

While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts 
I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts
If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump
I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump
The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental
custom designed, for instrumental
Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti
And this one's a burner, baby
Truck, like Toyata driven
True and livin drivin with the gat
Uhh, pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush
Then I flush wack material
That's if I don't mash them all to mush
Hush, let me burst, dare I gush
Cock-diezel cuts
Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic 

East coast (killer), West coast (killer) [repeat 4X] 

[Verse Two: KRS-One]

Yo, why do they make me wanna ruin they career?
Before I bust your shit let's get one thing clear
Don't provoke Kris no joke this
I don't ride no rapper's nutsac yo I stay focused
Beefin without skills seekin will only weaken
The artist speakin over beats and, you be cheatin
Cacaphony of small talent rappers, claimin a coast
over instrumentals, ain't got no real street credentials
Here come the philosopher hip-hopppin ya correctly
Ignorant ass MC's continue to tempt me
Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock
Too many MC's rappin causin lyrical gridlock
Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox
Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat
Just your typical, non-topical
Flex the optical illusion weak metaphoric style you be usin
I check one-two's and who's in the house
Like shit your lyrics ooze out ya mouth
Whattyou think this is? KRS-One from the Bronx kid! 

East coast (killer), West coast (killer) [repeat 8X]

Welcome to the New World Order
You are now under martial law
All constituional rights have been suspended 

[Verse Three: B-Real]

The most scandalous, cut the bad apple, we can handle this
Coast trippin goin on through out the business
East Coast West Coast anybody killer!
I don't give a fuck where you from I'ma Killa Hill-er
I got crews on both sides together
Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever
Fool I can roll through any block
from Central to Westland Avenue, without my glock
But some niggaz can't survive on both sides
So they try and break off, eliminate ties
Fools got to get wise, better realize
True, enemy lies killin in the highrise
office, analyzing the song
Look at them red niggaz, don't even get along
Kill that noise, four niggaz bringin the skill
Mad caps get peeled if you oppose the Hill 

Yeah that's right fool, you know who, the mighty Group Therapy
The mighty mighty Aftermath brigade, letting all you sound boys know
You're not ready to rumble or test this
Kill that noise! 

East coast (killer), West coast (killer) [repeat 8X]

[Verse Four: Nas Escobar]

Now when I bomb like Sadaam, the world feels The Wrath of Khan
Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon
I be the twelve disciples strap arms
All black on running your spot hit the safe and I'm gone
Like a thief wrong, I keep the long 38 warm
Silent and calm, and blackout when the beef is on
Focus on your rap holsters, notice
I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts
Ferocious thoughts, are mergin at night
Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white
I'm wrapped in a turban for spite
Like a Israelite snatchin hoes up, my flow's up
When the fuckin world blows up throw your hands up
It's a holdup, frontin like you down for the real
to make a meal, but when plan fold, nigga you squeal
like Heavy Heel, but what's the fuckin deal? 

East coast (killer) West coast (killer) [repeat 16X]



[Intro:]

Yes yes y'all, ooh funk....
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh in come funk
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy it's the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh notes come wrong 

[Verse 1:] 

Dre is chillin, Ruff is chillin
What more can I say? (Let's make a million)
M-E-L-Man, niggas call me Most
I be rockin on the East and the West Coast
Your mail go back like Emmitt Smith's hairline
With Jordache devils and Calvin Kleins
This shit be on my mind like O'Donnells interceptions
How would I look with Mike's complexion
Eat me, freak me, take your hand and leave me
All I wanna say is "I don't really give a fuck"
cos Most he be mega
Copped the Play Station but still play the Sega
and in the PJ's I DJ and blow amps
Bad as ?shrimp stampy? with the food stamps
Huh, I'm not a stranger to danger
On the streets I be known as the jaw rearranger
Heavy with the metal, Mel-Man rule
White boys say it now "Cool, cool, cool!!!"
I bring the fizzy that's the obvious
I got a grip but the only clip I load be the floppy disk
In the SP or the MV, see three G
Ho's see me comin in 3-D
I spread Lizzy with ten mates
Hit the skins and I break out like an inmate
Hey yo, that's how it is and that's how I want it
This is my world and I'm shittin on it 

[Chorus:]

(On the world) Shittin on it
(On the world) Shittin on the world
(Here me, yeah, shittin on the world)
[repeat]

[Verse 2:]

I warm it up like humidity
Mel, okay I'm here til infinity
My shit be outta...space with the Ewok
This is my planet but I never wear the Reebok
When we rock to the beat of accapella
Most reigns supreme, niggas grab your umbrellas
It's time to bounce so where the player, mate?
Jealous MC's still drinkin on that "Hator"rade
Bitches flirtin with the giggles and chuckles
You'll never get the jezzy bare, knuckle
cos I get a tingle in the jimmy after three days in it
Hold up! Back to the clinic
Uhh, aah, poked your bitch in the eye
then I step like Omega's hifi (AWROOF!)
I walk the earth like Moses
Any mackadocious, I grew up with no chips
Shows I turn out
I got dough but still call my hos on my burnout
But can't phone long distance
I'm a rich nigga still gettin public assistance
Rockin shit on a task cam
Got MC's talkin 'bout "I love you, man"
But you can't get my last bud
or my last dove outta beats we be makin
Dre and M-E-L got the whole Earth quakin
That's how it is and that's how I want it
This is my world and I'm shittin on it 

[Chorus x3]

[Outro: (over chorus)]

Yes yes y'all, ooh funk...
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh in come funk
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
Every three days and the El change ???
Ooh, Most come funk



DEAD! 

[INTRO]
(Blunt time-pull out your philly)Ha ha,mighty Aftermath
(Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli)
Whose soul ever contest,DEAD!
In me ear Dre.You hear me now?DEAD!
(Blunt time-pull out your philly)
(Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli) 

Thought they were moving in and now they wanna cut us wrong
Room for moving in,but that was on-ly mine
They will shake the hand,never really seen and only heard
They will shake the hand,he is only to heard l-oo-oo-ng
Knick-knack,paddy wack give a dog a bone
Long Beach City I wreck is my zone
I be the solo rollo which means I rule alone
You droop first blood,mother thought you was the lone
Fool now break for ya two
It's called the ol'Rambo,catch ambush
I wish you wouldn't moosh like ya wanna come push
I'll dump ya and leave ya stankin in the forest you Gump
Long Beach City-firmly represented
Narrator X is representor
Lyrical the kick make me ya mentor
Freeze MCs,don't ent-or
I'll take like Anne Arden's new chips in wint-or
Or since I'm Sun I'll melt the metaphor
The meatphors are meltin,style is beltin
I heard a dog yelpin but no helpin 

[CHORUS]
Blunt time-pull out your philly
Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli
Dancin,puffin,sippin or set trippin
Dimes keep on flippin flippin
[REPEAT]

Dre's bad beats they Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat
X flex lyric they can't come back
Fact:El-elevant,elegant and eloquent no shit
I boots hits,throw tantrums like Ella Fitz
Nah,the member X but you'll remember X indeedy
Now remember don't contest the (?Frex?)
Got you in spot like Lindscrafter but you try to diss
I burn you like Backdrafter
After that you'll get nothing from me but laughter
Similar to this,HA what's the repertoire-kick deadly wit lyrics
Shot your punk ass like ELEC now it's 

[CHORUS]

Mighty Aftermath!
Once again.can't hold us back
Refuse,refuse(DEAD!)you lose(DEAD!).DEAD!(Indeed)
Attempts wiil be futile,it's way to brutal
Hear me now Narrator-to-the-X,tellin anyone who contest
The mighty Aftermath Posse (Who?Who?)DEAD!
(Murder!) Exclamation point!
(Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii)
(Blunt time) Ha
(Blunt tiiiime) Mighty Aftermath to the 9-7
(Sip a glass of 'gnac my friend,dont'cah friend)
(Roowl,IIIIIIII don't wanna fight no more,no no,oooh)
(Blunt time,blunt time,blunt blunt,yep!)



[Chorus: 2x]

I been there...
Done that
You got guns? we got guns...
Yo, I got straps, we got straps...
A million muthafuckas on the planet Earth
Talk that hard bullshit 
'Cause it's all they worth... 

[Dr. Dre]
No question, it's all about the D-R-E.
So if money is the root I want the whole damn tree.
Ain't tryin' to stock around for the Illuminati,
Got to buy my own island by the year 2 G...
Since way back I've been collecting my fee
With the 48-tracks and the M-I-C.
Got a palace in the Hills overlooking the sea.
It's worth 8, but I only paid 5 point 3.
Worldwide, got the triple beam, I slide.
Listenin' to yo demo in a stretch limo.
It's how I ride - cartel style.
Full, stacked to the max now.
A million-dollar smile, people wonder how.
'Dre Day' every day. Trips to Montigo Bay,
with more chips than Frito Lay.
Flossed jewels in a tire, ain't nuthin' fly.
Straight or illegal - it's still the root of all evil...
Coz...

[Chorus: 2x]

[Dr. Dre]
Young black Rockerfeller. Hell, a swiss and mozarella.
Pockets sweller, gettin' money like a bank teller.
'Cause a fool and his dough soon split.
So when you come across a fool get all that she be gettin'.
Ladies, get your paper too.
Don't expect for no man to support you.
Keep it true,
'Cause most brothers are raised to decide for the pesos.
My woman is independent, makin' dough by the case loads.
I'mma keep buildin'... make it killing.
Kick back, relax, and grow old with my millions.
That's where it's at. You got drama, I got the gat,
But we're both black so I don't wanna lay you flat.
Instead let's get paper, while it's paper to get.
Private Jet, 600 coupes that I runs if...
I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet.
Spend a mill, no sweat, water the line with my wet...

[Chorus: 2x]

[Dr. Dre]
This is for the millionaires,
Throw a stack in the air and watch brothers start plottin',
Honeys start to stare.
'Cause game is money and money is game,
And broke brothers make the 45 flame with no shame.
Now many people die over these dead green guys.
Ignorance and greed take their ass by surprise.
It's the root of all evil and sins.
Yet and still it makes the world go around,
Like my 20-inch rims...
Moolah y'all.
Platinum plaques cover my walls.
Grindin', diamonds shinin', and without one flaw.
Get the cash, the grass, the ass will bounce.
Luciano and all amounts, that's all that counts 'cause... 

[Outro:]

I been there...And done that...
Been there, done that... The Aftermath!



Ah yeah,
ah, ah
ah yeah

Time & time again 
Through our relationship 
I've wondered what's goin` wrong 
To make us go through, such pains & heartache 
But still I know 
That my love is so strong for you 

[Chorus]
Should I love you? 
Should I leave you? 
So many choices 
Oh, oh, baby 
So many reasons why 
For me to have you near me 
So many choices 

I don't understand 
Why you wanna take me through these changes 
No no 
Ohhh 
I can't decide 
What to do when it comes to me & you 
Because my love is true 
Oh oh oh oh yeah 

[Bridge]
Where do we go from here? 
(Where do we go?) 
I can't help but wonder 
(I can't help it baby) 
Do we belong together? 
The love I feel can't be alive 

[Chorus 2x]

All alone 
I don't wanna lose your love 
On my own 
Just can't be without you baby, no 
Wanna be 
Gotta have you in my life 
Can't you see 
We can make it if we try 

[Chorus until fade]



[Intro/Chorus:]

As the world keeps turning, chronic keeps burning
(This ain't no) street sermon, these niggas are determined
[Repeat]

[Verse 1:Where]

I flow like CD's in the deck
Moosh fools in the face that lack respect
Protect ya arm, pitch from the funk
I deodirise the musty, ya rhymes are crusty, you can't bust G
So leave me alone I'm in the zone
Walkin the streets on my own, nigga get blown
Some niggas say that nigga Where is gone
But I'm low in the cut and gotta microphone
Are you gone bust or play bones?
You motherfuckin clone, get off that nigga's style and get'cha own
It's Miscellane and it's on again
For the niggas that slept, they shoulda stayed in step
And kept ya big fuckin mouth shut 

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:Where]

I woke up with a stomach ache, headache, back ache
Advil, Tylenol, Peptol, slept so long realised my world is wrong
My world is gone like disco
Blowin up Cisco and in my Cammo
Standin in back of me was my soul
Thinking of the easiest way to get a bank roll
Knowledge is urban-able, exhaust manifold
A tar can of hos to lubricate my system quick
Shaky bitches off the dick
Cos she got a vice grip on the flow from my lips
I'm slow but equipped with the proper tools
Show me the one talkin shit so I can drop a fool
I'm out to glow a nigga roll if he think he Mr CREAM
Come back on the scene and smoke a phillie, G
I really dream of gettin mine now let me tell you what's silly
Me, buckin with my team is murder one
I heard a gun bustin shots (SHOTS!), down the block (BLOCK!)
I guess a nigga gettin what he got (GOT!)
Shit is heavy like a medicine ball and broke niggas to smoke niggas
I'll fuck one for y'all, they made ya last phone call
To a trick that didn't even care
Cos she was gettin fucked somewhere, you're stuck in there
Now you wanna bust, nigga, now you wanna kill, nigga (Nigga)
Nigga how ya feel? (Nigga)
You can't try to be real (You can't try to be real)
Shit is for real 

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:Where]

I'm cooler than most, but I got the shorter temper
And I'm cooler than foes that don't know how it goes
Let's take it back to the first side
When you was a new jack and jockin my new track
But you was wrong, didn't know about the big long
Head-strong, nicknamed Dav from off the school yard
Witta teenage group I'm turnin loots to tracks
Me and my niggas like 
(These tracks are laced with bomb weed and tight lyrics)
You wanna know what the hos used to do
When me and my crew came bustin through
All sorts of blushins brew
(A neighbourhood find, a gift too swift, Miscellane is the crew)
Underground till my brown eyed balls turned blue
This is for the bitches and niggas that wanna front
I smoke on, I broke on till I spoke on
Miscellane packin shows like Farrakhan
Where is on another level with two niggas that's on the same plateau
Now that's three times your tightest flow
And three times ya tightest track, three times your fattest sack
Three times is clever (BUCK!) 

[Chorus x 2]

[Outro:]

Thou shalt rest in grief who lay buried in the belt
Barely included work, leaves bodies scarred and hurt
To art in hell, where the next man dwells
The place with stankin pussy and crack rock dwells



[Intro: Dr. Dre]

Ai Aiyo Butter is, uhh, Hands-On in the house
Well check it out, put some shit on for em
Let's get it on, kick it
Ha yeah, hell yeah
Yeah that shit sounds dope
Aiyo Kim, what you got to say 

[Verse 1: Kim of Hands-On]

Well boy you're movin me
There's somethin physical about it
The way you're makin me feel
The way you're touching me, can't explain
Oh, I just can't keep still
When you're kissing me it gives me what I need
Hold on tight and baby do it all night (Check it)
This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on
I wonder how boy, you make me over 

[Chorus: Hands-On]
Now tell me away, cos I can't stop from how you mean
The things you do to me
Has got my body wanting you more and more
Oh baby, it's got it bad
Your love has got me open 

[Bridge: Dre]

Yeah
No question, kick back, watch my dope eye rise
Still an everyday brother with my eyes on the prize
Take my time analysing every song that dies
Flossin the fliest rides from hits you memorise
Been doin this since days of N.W.A.
Took it to the next level when I use to DJ
Got family and fans from New York to L.A.
They keep it real cos they know that Dre come with Bombay
G's up, ain't nuttin changed, yo freeze up!
When I come thru, player haters, women one-two
The dotted Maxwell from only a minimum of set sales
Clutch your tails for honeys waitin to exhale
Keep writin til the next millenium
Tape one hit when I serve these fiends, stuff mo' potent than Bolivian
Welcome to the Aftermath
Aiyo Crystal, what you got to say? 

[Verse 2: Crystal of Hands-On]

It's like I'm glowing about the animal attraction
That grows between us
And then my friends ask me just where the hell I've been
They think I'm crazy, they don't understand
When you're next to me, I'm lost in ecstasy
Don't let go cos I'm about to explode (Aftermath!)
This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on
Baby please don't make me over 

[Chorus]

[Interlude: Hands-On]

You touch me at the spot
Ooh boy, you got me high (that's right)
And when you're loving me down, I never want you to stop
Just take it easy (say what?)
Baby boy, you babe, you touch the spot
I swear you got me open 

[Chorus to fade]



Haa
Woo 

Dedicated to the up city
Straight West Coast nigga, ain't no pity
Put holes in niggas, real pretty
Real shitty like a black Frank Nitty
I give drugs to the thugs price-free
Handed down the game by that nigga Ice-T
No doubt players like me
recognise the great King Tee, about twenty grand a ki
Ah, that's that G shit, no doubt about that
Statutory lyrics is how I rape the rap
And get your niggas off my back
and no, GOD, ya don't pull a strap, cos [gun shot] FUCK THAT!
I'm very precise when I shoot
straight out the roof of my Lexus coupe
Ya wanna blame Tha Alkaholik group
but, naw, that nigga Tela must've hit the loot
Cos he's actin real loonie
and I don't give a fuck cause I'm drunk and I'm a G like Spoonie
The hoodrats wanna do me
So if you've got'cha county cheque give it to me 

[Chorus:]

Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan, a 50 gat to your dome
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
[repeat]

Huh, so I guess I earned the title 'OG'
Been down for ten years, this my fifth Lp
I'ma get this one easy
A real motherfuckin G, R-rock Tee
Now all these fools talkin 'bout they some killers
car stealers, big time drug dealers
Bitch ass niggas keep it real, don't lie
You ain't killin shit and they gon' let shit die
You ask "Who the hell am I?"
They call me 'Big Bone' and on my worst night I fades em all
And I come thru ya hood like a locc ass G
Rip any fool that calls hisself an MC
It's only one way, let's have gun play
I make it play, nigga, fuck what you got to say
I got a mad crew of murderers, ex-burglars
Puttin soft niggas outta service 

[Chorus:]

Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan, all the fuckin chips blown
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
Baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan, sittin on chrome
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone 

My whole crew lives illegal
Strapped with the bulletproof vest in the front and back Regal
Smokin that sticky green grass
Hittin switches, bumpin on cuts from the past
We smoke leaf cos we live like G's
Super-soft niggas become enemies
I hit a lick on the East for ten ki's
now everything I drive is on Deez
I'ma make you believe, I gotta put it down like a real nigga should
My dope spot in every nigga's hood
I don't waste time, I need to get what's mine
Fourteen shells from behind
Leave you in the blind, str-8 paralysed from ya spine
A partner of organised crime
Ya hear it all the time but now ya gotta hear it from the truth
til my nigga Karl Phat's respect due 

[Chorus:]

Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan, 50 gat to the dome
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
[repeat 4X]

And I'm gone



[Verse 1]
I've told you over and over again
Knew that wasn't what I stood for
But you didn't have what I wanted
Now you do, bitch do me
Hmm, kind of sad and now I'm gone
Thought you'd never see me again
But here I stand again, right before your eyes
To your surprise

Baby we can talk it over, baby we can
But I'd love to try (I bet you will)
Yes I will baby, please
Seriously (She said) in all honesty
I love you baby hmm hmm
And I always will (I bet you will)

[Chorus]
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease (Oh yeah) come back to me
Ain't no thing I know you would

Cause I bet you couldn't cause your mind is slow (Hey)
And now your waiting for your high, liquid smoke
(But it ain't gonna work) so let it drop
So let em' fall and let me have another

[Verse 2]
(In the middle of nowhere I'm standing all alone)
(You're alone baby, oh)
Ooh please, ooh please, ooh please
Ooh please, ooh please baby
Please come back to me (Lord knows)
I'll give you anything you want
Take my body, mind and, and heart
It's all your's baby
(I don't need you and I sure don't wanna see you)
(Baby oh no)

[Chorus]
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease come back to me
Said you treated me wrong
That's why you're all alone
Pleeease come back to me
Come on yeah

[Verse 3]
I got you on your knees
Got you begging please (I got you begging please)
You know you did me wrong
But you know I got what you need
You wanna be in my life
Thought that I'd make you my wife (You wanna be my wife baby)
But I'm quitting your ass baby cause you cheated
With my best friend

[Chorus to fade]
Won't you please
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Won't you please
Pleeease come back to me
(Got it baby, got it baby, got it baby, got it baby)
Won't you please
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
Pleeease come back to me



Hmm hmm hmm yeah
You make me do yeah, uh

[Verse 1]
I never can erase
The love that you have placed inside
No girl, I can't deny
I just never felt that I
Would ever be the one to find
A special lady that'll make me do for love

[Chorus]
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me wanting you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh

[Verse 2]
Oh no man can recognize
The love that's in the sky
I just had to let you rain all over me
Then one day it dawned on me
I had changed completely
I don't know just how it happened
But I love the way you make me do for love

[Chorus]
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me missing you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh

[Verse 3]
No I never thought I'd find
What love made of me
Come on the road with me baby
I open my eyes, so lovely
I love the way you make me do for love

[Chorus]
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me thinking of you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh

You got me talking baby
You got me spending baby
You got me tripping
You got me hooked on...

[Chorus]
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me missing you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh

[Ad-libs to fade]



[verse #1]
i got you mad at me and its so sad to plea for you to come back to me so 
instead ima drop this 'E' and keep bein' this 'g' god had goin for me 'cause you 
dont even see the real me,so fuck all you faggot who believe in hip hop you'all 
gonna drop like the cop ima kill in the parkin'lot that shot at me while i was 
robbin that shop,see my middle finger,well watch it linger as i flip you the 
bird and know im commin after you in this stolen luxurie sedan with my two 
glocks in each one of my hands

[CHORUS x2]
so fuck life,
smoke your pipe,
grab the shapest knife you can grab and murda you wife,
live without fear and give no second chance to any one ,
then go on and murda the rest of your peers like they were deers,give em no 
second chance

Ima state that this is my fate,to hate and rate you as the bait and make you 
late with a 'lil' 'g' like me cant you see you'll never be me and never have a 
life like me and never be right like me 'cause you aint even half way to bein' a 
motherfuckin' 'g' like me now ima count to three till i blast your brains 
out...one...two...three &quot;BANG BANG&quot; i told you i give out no second chance and 
if your motherfuckin friends wanna starts there chants and have a blue then i 
will kill em and make there families watch em few , so then they will go on and 
sue and watch me swearin' at you and screamin' "I Dont Give A Fuck Its Only 
You" so you better watch out for when Dr.korvorkien perfroms an autopsi on you 
while you scream im still a live and i sit there laughin with my nine wives 

[chorus x2]

[repeat verse #1]



[Intro:]

It's like, it's like this
Word up, knowhutI'msayin? One time for your mind, y'knowI'msayin?
Yo, from upstate to Brooklyn, the whole borough's thorough
You know the time, y'knowI'msayin?
Crown Heights, to all my niggas holdin it down
It's hardcore, B-boy rhymes just for you, y'knowI'msayin?
(L-A-W, this might trouble you) This is Sharief, y'knowI'msayin?
Puttin it down for the Aftermath like this 

[Verse One: Sharief]

As I inhale the blunt and take a sip off the yac
My rhymes come to life, my verbal forces attack
Can't hold me back, I'm too strong, I waited too long
Freestyle a whole rap tape then write a new song
Been in the game since...what? That shit is past tense
Pass the microphone and watch this nigga crack the C
with that ill shit, I came to kill shit
I crack the code, must be the reason they reveal shit
But in this era of mayhem
I recyc' the murderous rhymes to slay them
To all my opponents who wanna kick it, I spark
the verbal scientist in your title, I'm walkin wit it
A hundred dime pieces and the party got the heaters
I shine my verbal styles and got niggas climbin on speakers, the thrill
seekers
An earthquake of bass lines swangin the party, I'm slangin the mic
like a syllable shotty, sippin 40's 

[Chorus:]

Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the B-boys and all the B-gals
Check it out now, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the B-boys and all the B-gals 

[Verse Two: Sharief]

Bona fide B-boy, biceps' bionic
Blast em back, okay let's get it started
Original rap styles comin from my shooter
Fifty niggas deep, I'm the ill kid recruiter
People gather round, check my flow
listen too, look take a peek, time for thought then you know 
(What they know?)
I build with skill, fulfill the drill and still then kill
You couldn't stop the pain with Benadryl
Too many claim unnamed for fame
or be soft as baby tissue with no gun to aim
I take a raptor's rough cuz I'lla date the semen
Spectators be sayin they can't go where he went
That's another level of attack (haa), bring your bats
My DJ scratch the record like a scrotum sack
I slice the rapper like a surgeon
If he wanna battle, I play him out like a priest in a turban
Too much tenacity, vocal capacity
Ya better take some notes, don't try to get on after me
Cuz I'm the chemical enemical
Rhymes I say are definitely guaranteed to reach the pinnacle 

[Chorus:]

Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the real players and all the fly girls
Check it out now, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the real players and all the fly girls 

[Verse Three: Sharief]

Feelin the metronome click, my microphone's on
It's time to kiss Sharief to perform
Ya lukewarm, my degrees be uncharted in the centre of fight square
I rum brass knuckle rhymes fuckin with crimes
I'm natural as loaded dice, understand
where no man survives, L.A.W. can
Transform, I see it ain't even worth ya triggers
I'm from the days when B-boys were straight earthin niggas
Standin my arms crossed, toss a grenade
rein-force my zone as a lyrical barricade
You better cuz your dome piece blown
Release chrome beats, nuclear missiles rhymes under my comb
Three strikes marks the villian bustin rhymes
like shots in Sarajevo Saturday night blood be spillin
Some I slaughter such as *?two compel?* blows
Crush your corny kids caught stumblin on my shells, so
sick, too quick, I stab you with some shit
Doin infinite assault these hard lyrics I commit
When I crush your lungs, I keep my pace uptempo
Swingin my prison rhymes, fuckin mics like a nympho 

[Chorus:]

Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the real hustlas across the world
Check it out now, L-A-W's raw
L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W, this might trouble you
For all the real hustlas across the world 

[repeat to fade]



(All right, is everybody ready (YEAH!))
(Alright now, here we go) 

Nationowl divides this bomb to blow
Adios serials worldwide
Once inside ya ride, usin the mic like a screwdriver
to break down the speed
While labels were sound asleep, Nowl peeped and creeped
and stole the ground beneath they feet
Far from the bail, still makin my sales
Movin tapes like weight, we's hip-hop cartel
takin over, no doubt
Like thongs, they ass out but win amounts with the Doctor
Dre, all day cash his cheques
Like Play, I hittin you in the head like strays (BUU-YU-KOW!)
Nationowl's defence covers my ass
and team o' outcast niggas who're quick to blast
Our beat's on hit, keep the peace on
MC's couldn't find my path (Where you at niggas?) 

[Chorus:]

Pledge a legiance to my team
Let's scheme, nigga, we gots ta get CREAM
Cos worldwide shit's outta control
Why you can't get down with Nationowl
Young and old, my niggas who's on parole
Why you can't get down with Nationowl
Bitches who own, my niggas whose heart is cold
Why you can't get down with Nationowl 

Nationowl's anthem, got'cha soul on lock
still fully loaded, cocked the handgun
Composed like the Phantom
while the face of earth gets ugly, we ever lovely
Bitches who never duck me, "Nowl loved me"
In thinkin I must spend dough til I'm dizzy
Assholes around like a frisby
And for satisfaction chew an MC like Wrigley
History's about to be made, I met'cha in a way
tryin ya hardest to delay
My flight batterin, keep the world ringin like *?Sadaran?*
Lyrics bone shatterin
Pretenders wantin to be Cinder-rella
What? That shoe you tryin ta wears, not fittin
Now we're strippin niggas like a Chippendale
I'm rippin hell, burnin the devil and inhale 

[Chorus]

In the last days, which side will you be on?
Nationowl's on the side that I beat on
I demand put me on
From the door I use MC's to wipe my feet on
My shit be bumpin like in-grown hair
For twenty-six years trained in ghetto warfare
Nigga, I see more green than St. Patrick
Pro actors, game of life with no practice
Controllin craps like I had a remote
It's a rule, now go enter ya tomb
No joke, much over I scold
It's some game for all who's tryin ta split ya coats
Best believe that these are our last years
Prepare or get done from the rear
As we move there, where? The final frontier
United we stand, divided we don't have a prayer 

[Chorus]

Are you wit me East Coast?
Are you wit me West Coast?
Are you wit me?
Are you wit me?
Are you wit me West Coast?
Are you wit me East Coast?
Are you wit me?
Are you wit me?



Fame, I'm the man that takes things over 
Fame makes me loose, hard to swallow 
Fame puts me there where things are hollow 
Fame 

Fame 
It's not your brain, it's just the flame 
The bitch is gonna get your ends 
SLAIN! 

(You know I need the money, I will get the money 
Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it) 
(You know I need the money, I will get the money 
Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it) 

[Chorus: RC]

Fame, what you like is in the limo 
Fame, take it now there's no tomorrow 
Fame, what you need you'll have to borrow 
Fame 

Fame 
Nine is fine, it plays for time 
I'ma lemme hit you from be-hind 
Fame, Fame 

Fame 
A bullet for me, I bust it for you 
I love it when you grab my gun 
Fame 
Fame, what's your name? What's your name? What's your name? 
Say my name? Say my name? Say my name? 

[King Tee] 

The world's famous, rugged with the superstar persona 
Rough designer, the chubby alcoholic rhymer 
Big timer, I'm known in places I haven't even been 
Executed styles behind men 
Oh God, I preach that old Hudd City gospel 
My look's hostile, hittin Remy from the bottle 
The fame is like I'm possessed wit game 
And everywhere I go, hos screamin my name 
But I'm rollin, not that my bald head's swollen 
I'm towin, ya fixed up, they'd rather see ya broken 
I'm scopin often where the spotlights shine 
Me and my crew drinkin tryin ta have a good time 
But folks watchin, wearin khakis or Versace 
They try to mack me, caught up in the papparazzi 
I'ma look what the hogg had become 
A top notch nigga with the fame game 

[Outro: RC]

Is it any wonder, I'll reject ya first 
Fame Fame Fame Fame 
Is it any wonder, your heart's too cold to fool 
Fame Fame Fame Fame



[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas.
Times is changing, young niggas is aging,
Becoming old gees in the game and changing,
To make way for these new names and faces, but
The strangest things can happen from rappin, when
Niggas get wrapped up in image and acting,
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic,
Zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it.
I've seen 'em come; I've watched 'em go,
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it and watched 'em blow.
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow.
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough.
Best friends and money: I lost them both.
Went, visited niggas in the hospital.
It's all the same shit all across the globe.
I just sit back and watch the show. (The watcher)

[Chorus:]
Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I watch)

[Dr. Dre]
I moved out of the hood for good, you blame me?
Niggas aim mainly at niggas they can't be.
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see.
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach.
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill.
And choose a new spot if niggas wanted you shot,
I ain't a thug, how much Tupac in you, you got
I ain't no bitch neither.
It's either my life or your life,
And I ain't leaving, I like breathing.
Nigga we can go round for round,
Clip for clip, shit, fo'-pound for pound.
Nigga if you really want to take it there we can,
Just remember that you fucking with a family man.
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that,
When you wanna come and fill these shoes. (The watcher)

[Chorus]

[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas,
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs.
They wanna hang us, see us dead, enslave us,
Keep us trapped in the same place we're raised in.
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous,
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges.
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages,
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers.
But now we got a new era of gangstas,
Hustlers and youngsters living amongst us.
Lookin at us, now calling us busters,
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us.
Nigga we started this gangsta shit.
And this the motherfucking thanks I get?
It's funny how time fly,
I'm just having fun, just watching it fly by. (The watcher)

[Chorus]

(The watcher)



[answering machine girl]
Hi baby
I know your under a lot of pressure at your work and all
And I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also don't have any idea how much I love you
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my arms
I miss you.. I miss you terribly
I've just always wanted someone like you in my life
I love you so much; that I'd do anything
I'd do anything
I'll be your perfect woman for you 

[Dr. Dre]
I just wanna fuck bad bitches
All them nights I never had bitches
Now I'm all up in that ass bitches
Mad at 'cha boyfriend, aint 'cha?
You'se a bad girl, gotta spank ya
Gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit, hella photogenic
And tell your friends where the dick's at
Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate
Before you kiss 'em use Colgate
"She Swallowed It!" Yeah the bitch took the whole eight
and ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
and Hitman hit it; damn bitches
Man, this is what I'm talkin about
Chicken-head, chicken-fed, with a dick in your mouth
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
(Airtouched) Next time you need a taste 

[Chorus:]

I just wanna fuuuuuck you
No touchin and rubbin gul, you got a husband who
loves.. you..
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuuuuuck you
We can't be kissin and huggin gul, you got a husband who
loves.. you..
You need to give him your quality time 

[Devin the Dude]
You got the number, it's on you to make the call
You know I cum quick; help you re-decorate your walls
Cut your backyard, don't have to act hard to get the cock
And if I'm goin too far, I take it out and wipe it off
and put it back up, and keep going
You tryin to hide it from your husband but I know he be knowin
that your pussy's been tampered with
Then you show him the new trick of how you can lick it, smoke a cancer stick
You be workin it like a dancer bitch, it's hard on me
Not to give you all of my time, that you wanted
You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed
I'd rather spend my mornin diggin through some records instead
But, tonight, I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases
Hookup somewhere and exchange some "Fuck Faces"
I know your man's lookin for ya, he's always tryin to run ya
Don't worry bout me handcuffin gul cause I just wanna fuck witchu 

[Snoop Dogg]
.. fuck witchu
On the sneak tip, on some creep shit
So whatcha gon' do, ya freak bitch?
You, actin, like you, don't, do, dicks
That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin wit
Baby was a virgin, that's what she said
So I gave her some Hennesey, she gave me some head
I fucked her on the flo', so I wouldn't mess up my bed
Then Lil' 1/2 Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home, and give her a bone
And give her the number to my cellular phone
Man, she blowin up my pager, the shit's gettin major
A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her
Somethin to go by, and bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth, and then I'm out (see-ya!)
Twenty-fo' seven, Dre, Snoop, and Devin
We servin' these hoes, and never lovin these hoes, beotch! 

[Chorus]



[Snoop]
Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E (Guess who's back)
Still, still doing that shit, huh Dre?
Oh for sure, check me out

[Dr. Dre]
It's still Dre Day nigga, A.K. nigga
Before I chrome the lot, can't keep it home a lot
'cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the trunk when I'm on the block
Ladies, they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How nigga My last album was "The Chronic"
They want to know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they want to know how I feel about it

[Snoop - singing]
If you ain't up on pace

[Dr. Dre]
Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still, puffing my leafs, still fuck with the beats
Still not loving police (Uh huh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
Still got love for the streets, repping 213
Still the beat bangs, still doing my thang
Since I left, ain't too much changed, still

[Chorus:]
[Snoop Dogg]
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
[Dr. Dre]
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E [Repeat 2x]

Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed, I smoke till I sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire till you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the troop
It's "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin' Cru
I'm still at it, After-mathematics
In the home of drive-by's and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E

[Chorus]

It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch
Laid back in the shack, play this track
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
(Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back

[Snoop - singing]
So if you ain't up on thangs

[Dr. Dre]
Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars
Still gonna get mine regardless

[Chorus x1.5]

[Snoop]
Right back up in ya motherfucking ass
'95 plus four pennies
Add that shit up, D-R-E right back on top of thangs
Smoke some with your dog
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky icky icky
Ooo Wee, put it in the air
For you's a fool D.R.



[Dr. Dre]
I got mo' class than most of em, ran wit the best of em
Forgave the less of em, and blazed at the rest of em
What can I say? Cal-i-for-ni-A
Where niggaz die everyday over some shit they say
Disconnected from the streets forever
As long as I got a baretta, nigga, I'm down for whateva
I roll wit my shit off safety - for niggaz that been hatin me lately 
and the bitches that wanna break me
If Cali blew up, I'd be in the Aftermath
Bumpin gangsta rap shit, down to blast for cash
Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G.
started from that S.O.B., D.R.E.
Like Dub-C I'm rich rollin, pistol holdin
Pockets swoll nigga, that's how I'm rollin
Put the flame to the killer nigga
Worldwide homicide mob figure and a builder, for real
I'm hittin switches, makin bitches eat bitches
See me grab my dick everytime I pose for pictures
I own acres, floor seats watchin The Lakers
I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases 

Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos
1 - Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals
2 - Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos
[repeat 2X]

[Hitman]
I bust a Mr. Toughy, slash a Smoothy Doobie
Crash and flex on Tuesday's, harassin hoes at movies
Passin by with uzis - and who you aimin at?
That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claimin that
Rat-ta-tat-tat [automatic gunfire and screaming]
[more screaming as tires peel out]
I don't sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys
You got to recognize Hitman is a enterprise
Cali pride, born to ride and South Centralized
The Henny got me energized - smoke the guys
tryin to focus on mines - poke they eyes out
I'm L.A.'s loc'est - hope they don't have to find out the hard way
like snitch niggaz in the pen that get
hit when the guards look the other way
We hittin HARD, Hitman and Dre
You playin games, I suggest you know the rules
We puttin guns to fools, make you run yo' jewels
Take yo' honey and cruise to the snootiest snooze, Cabos
Pop coochie til the nut oozes, you shouldn't fuck wit crews
that's sick, Aftermath cause we rule shit
I'm Big Hit, don't confuse me wit no other by the flow motherfucker 

Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos
1 - Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals
2 - Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos
[repeat 2X]



[Hittman]
Xxplosive, West coast shit
My nigguh-ish ways attract, girls that used to turn they back
Causin me to yank they arm and pose like I would do the harm
Now I'm sayin thank you cause they tell me, my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive.. ..for my niggaz drinkin Cognac, smokin weed, always pack
mo' than one, firearm, chrome rims, ridin on
Chronic in yo' system, let me know, my shit's the bomb - Xxplosive..

[Kurupt]
West coast shit nigga
Overdosage - imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch; don't tease bitch, strip tease bitch
Eat a bowl of these bitch, gobble the dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick can shut the fuck up!
Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up and get my cash
Backhanded, pimpslapped backwards and left stranded
Just pop ya collar, pimp convention hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce impala
Pimpin hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggaz paid for hoes, just to lay wit hoes
Relax one night, and paid to stay wit hoes
Captain Save'Em all day (bitch) well save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hittin pussy, or hittin the switch
You into hittin bitches off of the grip, you punk bitch

[Nate Dogg]
All my real Doggs still kick it wit me
All my down hoes still trickin wit me
All the true gangstas know
Nate ain't never love no hoe
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checkin for me
All the real smokers know
Nate ain't passin nuttin but dope indeed...
Real trees...
Chronic leaves...
No seeds...

When I had you last night, baby
Before - I blew yo' mind, (blew-blew-blew your mind)
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more - now that I'm sober you ain't that fine
Hmmm-hmmmhmmmm...
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here baby, hit the bong
while the west coast rolls along
While we - still makin gangsta hits
You'll be - still jockin gangsta dicks
Damn girl you think you slick
Somebody better get this biiitch, this biiiitch

[Six-Two]
I got these freaky hoes
Clappin they hands, stompin they feet
Every now and then they put they mouth on me
Nowadays a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimpin bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player, nowadays it pays to be
Lemme drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave ya boy the head and said don't let nobody know
A bonafide pro, I had to grab the hoe
She got freaky in yo' sixty-fo', I skeeted in her throat
Been knowin the hoe for fo' days, pimpery pays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the mall
They be beepin me and shit, but we don't kick it no mo'
Them hot hoes is fiendin, they on the nuts
But beitch, I'm out ya pussy when I nut, f'real

Exxplosive..



[Phish] What's the difference between me and you? [repeat 2X]

[Dr. Dre]
Back when Cube - was rollin wit Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin wit a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes
the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
Cuz you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit you
Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just bein real wit you
You see the truth is
Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
And who I'm still cool wit
Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with
Claimin that they non-violent, talkin like they *voice sample*
Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions
Move units, then talk shit and we can do this
Until then - I ain't even speakin your name
Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same
Nigga, it ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference

[Chorus: Phish (repeat 2X)]

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal wit emotions
I'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin

[Xzibit]
Yo I stay wit it
While you try to perpetrate, play wit it
Never knew about the next level until Dre did it (YEAH)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted
I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick
(Yeah!) Come and get it, shitted on villians by the millions
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid - never cool down
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggaz by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold yo' breath til ain't none left
Yo that's the difference

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Aight, hold up hold up!
STOP THE BEAT A MINUTE!! I got somethin to say
Dre; I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me
(The fuck?!) I don't know if I ever told you this, but I love you dawg
I got your motherfuckin back, just know this shit

[Dre] Riiight? .. Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga let's blow this bitch
[Em] I mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed - who's throat is it?
[Dre] Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is

[Eminem]
Well that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around wit her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin at people (Hi!) Then drop her off on the corner
at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her
Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub til the bubbles pop up
and they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water
That's for tryin to talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even THINKIN of havin them thoughts thought up!
You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up!!
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I Just Don't Give a Fuck," and see who means it!

[Chorus 2.25X]



Damn girl, it is hotter than a motherfucker up in here
You got that right
I need to go to the bar and get me a drink, please
Yes
Hello
Shit, what the fuck you want?
Hmm
Let me get a Cosmo

What the fuck you want?
Damn, I'll have an apple martini
This motherfucker drunk as a mother
Thirsty bitches
This a drunken-ass nigga

Oh, ooh, shit girl, those niggaz are lookin' over here!
Oh, shit, don't look, don't look
Damn, what's up, what they look like tho?
Shit, shit, damn, they look, they look aight
They fuckable? What's up, is they fuckable or what?
Shh, chill out, chill out
What?
Here they come
What?
Here they come! Chill out! Damn



[Dr. Dre]
Hey, yo whassup?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some Chonic witchu? 

[girl]
Nigga what? FO' SHO'!
Roll that shit up! 

[Dr. Dre]
Hell yeah, still "Alwayz Into Somethin'"
Heart still in Compton
The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes
and Firm Fiascoes - assholes
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
doin a tango..
And cash, always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feed me mangoes, the other lightin my hash
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (what?)
Came home uptight, ready to mash
like a gas pedal, get on that sixty-four Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
cause we rebels over here, I smell Chronic in the air
that means we takin over this year
You hear? 

[girl] Chronic, two-thousand, "ONE! [echoes]" - KRS-One
[Dre] That means we takin over this year, ya hear? 

[girl]
Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas 

[Hittman]
I hang among hustlers, I slang and hoo-bang Bronson
when bustaz roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
cause gangbangin is the active, activity
where I be livin B, there ain't no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you
slippin, without yours, it's warfare outdoors
Ambulance, violent uproars
Trash niggaz takin out like chores I meet whores on tours
Jeans hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores
We on some hardcore, pornographic
Totin Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like
Lebanon, makin fools "RETREAT!" like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream-on-stars
to get loot and crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggaz
Act bad one, it's either that or make front page stardom
I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sodom
?? gots my bulletproof it's hard to shoot me you hear? 

(By the time you see him (BLAM BLAM))
That means it's real fuckin hard to shoot me, you hear? 

[girl]
Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas



[Dr Dre]
Ya'll know me still the same OG
But I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no G's, no wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me cause
I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
But ya'll think I'm gonna let my dough freeze
Ho Please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C's, the Snoop D O double G's
And a group that said motherfuck the police?
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
Who's the doc that they told you to go see?
Ya'll better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop
Or the Firm flopped
ya'll are the reason Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck ya'll all of ya'll
If ya'll don't like me blow me
Ya'll are gonna keep fucking around with me
And turn me back to the old me

[Chorus 2x - Eminem:]
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Eminem]
So what do you say to somebody you hate?
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Just study your tape of NWA.
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on
When I caught a guy give me an awkward eye (what you looking at?)
And strangled him off in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
But I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hopping out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfucking barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (Right Here)
so from here on out it's the Chronic 2
Starting today and tomorrow's the new
And I'm still loco enough
To choke you to death with a Charleston chew
[Record scratch]
Slim shady hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
And the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Calling men ladies
Sorry Doc but I been crazy
There is no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailie (Dadda?)

[Chorus 2x]

[Dr Dre]
If it was up to me
You motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
With your hands out looking up to me
Like you want something free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
I told 'em all
All them little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around and talk about guns
Like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all
Cause I stay well off
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What, cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad
Tryna get this damn label off
I ain't having that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gonna be nothing after that
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap
You can have it back
So where's all the mad rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats
Knew that I was strapped with gats
When you were cuddling a cabbage patch

[chorus 3x]



[Snoop Dogg]
La-da-da-da-dahh
[Explicit version:] It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G, Snoop Dogg!
[Music video version:] It's the one and only D-O-double-G, Snoop Dogg!
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker!
What what what what?
So blaze the weed up then!
Blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin', crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' your stress

[Snoop] La-da-da-da-dahh
[Dre] It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E., Dr. Dre motherfucker!
[Snoop] La-da-da-da-dahhh
[Dre] You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

[Dr. Dre]
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet, Fleetwood
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin' whoopty whoop nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronicled out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac, yeah
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods. What hoods?
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside, wessyde
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, something to poke on. What's up bitch?
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode...

[Nate Dogg]
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft
We don't, play
We gonna' rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold
Take a, seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
HeyyyeyyyeEYEYyyyEYYYY....
.... smoke weed everyday!



[all together]
All these niggaz and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck! [repeat 4X]

[Hittman]
Talkin that, walkin that, spittin at hoes
Smokin this, drinkin that, hittin at hoes
Fuck this I'm hittin that I'm hittin em both
Have one ridin dick, one lickin my toes
When I'm lovin these hoes there ain't no love involved
No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bear britches
Rare bitches like to pose in them Black Tail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick, "Is that Dre over there?" 

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy
Ain't no tellin what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me
No doubt, sit back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out 

[Kurupt]
Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
let's get high, all my ladies
let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
high (hiiiiigh..)
Let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
Come on let's get high 

I make the four hop [hydraulic sound] pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel
Stompin in the party, Kurupt, Young Gotti
I'm fuckin somethin in this bitch, hit em with some gangsta shit
Put somethin in your mouth bitch real tasty
I'm lookin real sauce in my gangsta-ass Casey's
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an'
got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncin [hydraulics]
Down to.. 

YO WHATTUP SCRAM JONES?
Mel-Man what's crackin? 
Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here? 

[Ms. Roq]
Nigga WHUT??! I'm a hustlin bitch!
I like them get rich niggaz, them hit the switch niggaz
Niggaz bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
while I'm kickin my game and collectin them checks
Got all y'all niggaz vexed to fuck this triple-X rated hoe
You say you ain't eat it - you ate it though
And uhh, Roq don't stop, can't be droppin no drawers
To the niggaz how you figure got you shittin in yours
Yeah, little dicks always runnin they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about
Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt
Tryin to live lavish, marry a big dick and stay carried
Holla back at them niggaz that hollered at me
Pop the Cris', whip the six and shit
and have all y'all niggaz limp when I twist my shit
Yeah! Bitch ass niggaz!



[Dre] Some good-ass weed! 

[Snoop Dogg]
Check it out Dogg; this game is a motherfuckin trip man
Word on the streets
Everybody always tryin to run up on me
hollerin about word on the street is dis nigga said dis..
Man I don't give a FUCK about what that nigga said man!
That's what's wrong with you niggaz, you niggaz is just like bitches
Hoe-ass niggaz, talk too motherfuckin much (speak)
Study your own, get your own -- yahmsayin?
Be independent nigga - BEOTCH! 

[Dre] Yeah
[Snoop] Bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz)..
Bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz)..
Bitch-ass niggaz (beotch)..
[both] BITCH NIGGAZ (bitch niggaz)..
[Snoop] Yeah I'm talkin about you (beotch)..
[Dre] Bitch niggaz
[Snoop] and you too (beotch).. 

[Snoop Dogg]
Hmm.. Dogg..
I meet mo' bitch niggaz than hoes - look here
And I really don't know, but that's just how it go (damn)
Dogg - so many niggaz like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (beotch) niggaz be talkin shit (nigga)
Smilin in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggaz stay strapped from way back, cause payback..'ll
make niggaz wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right)
No mo' talkin, I'm walkin and I'm poppin the clip
Glock on the hip, set-trippin dippin an' shit
If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch 

[Snoop] Bitch niggaz, bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz) 

[Dr. Dre]
These niggaz don't know what the fuck is goin on
Yo Dogg, check it kick back
Let me holla at these niggaz for a minute.. 

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, makin these punk muh'fuckers hate it
COMPTON is the city I'm from
Cain't never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon
Huh, I cain't live my life on broke no mo'
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face - and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thang fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, I'm fiendin for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me 

[Six-Two]
These niggaz after yo' paper, Dr. D.R.E. (what?)
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, they'll be around, but when yo' paper get low
Just like Master P said, "There Dey Go, There Day Go"
Bitch niggaz... uh-huh... 

[Dr. Dre cuts and scratches] "attention all personnel"
"stop scheamin, and lookin hard" - [Audio Two]
"stop scheamin, and..an, and..an-an, and..and lookin hard"

[Dr. Dre]
Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, HELLA bitch nigga
Youse a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga.. a bitch nigga 

[Hitman]
I know yo' type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
lights was little dimmer my dick be stuck up in yo' windpipe!
Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the OLD SCHOOL
like Romey Rome homey yo, you owe me the right
to slap you, like the bitch that you are, that wanted to cap you
every since you was mad doggin me with that bitch in yo' car
Fool [singing] "Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff"
Man, you shit on Hit, get yo' shit bust; plus
pistol-whipped, cover it up - use yo' bitch's blush
Mr. Powder Puff yo', bark ain't loud enough, huh
I know chihuahuas that's mo' rah-rah, HA HA
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No youse a busta slash hussy, soft as a Hush Puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimen's
a bitch nigga! 

[Dr. Dre cuts and scratches] "attention all personnel"
"stop scheamin, and lookin hard" - [Audio Two]
"stop..stop..stop scheamin, and lookin hard"
"..op-stop..ah-op-op-stop-sch-sch-scheamin, and lookin hard"
"stop scheamin.. an-an.. an-an.. an-and lookin hard"
"stop scheamin, and lookin hard"
"stop skee-scheamin, and lookin hard"
"stop scheamin, and.. and.. and..
stop scheamin, and lookin hard"



And now, the car bomb

Yo, re-re, come on man, let's get the fuck up out of here, man
All right baby, all right speedy, I'm coming, damn
Took a motherfuckin' hour to get dressed
I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker
I wanna be in and out, now, don't fuck around over here
And baby, I'm lookin' good, all right, I'm lookin' good

I'm sayin', fuck that man, I'm tryin' to get the fuck up out of here, man
All right, all right, I'm comin' damn shit
Yo, yo, yo, hold it, hold it, whassup, this shit?
You know the people right there?
You know those motherfuckers right there?
No nigga, I don't know, you paranoid

What the fuck they lookin' at? I'm sayin' you ain't seen
The motherfuckers ridin' past lookin' all at me and shit
Nigga, you trippin', now you trippin', nigga you trippin'
Let's go, scary-ass nigga you hidin' somethin', let's keep
Man, fuck that man, get in the car, man aw, goddamn
Told you don't fuck around over here and shit, whatever

Damn, what the fuckin' up with this shit?
You didn't put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker, goddamn!
I just got a tune-up the other day, man, my shit and all that
Ain't this a bitch, pined-out Pete let's keep, oh my goodness
Man, shut the fuck up, let me start my motherfuckin' shit
Fuck you, nigga, take me



[Hitman]
When darkness be closin in
I'm motivated, with the howlin wind
with a list of chosen men, frozen in sin
Knowin that your end is beginnin
Swift silent and deadly
There's no defendin my plots, I know your every movement
For six months I watch, coulda gotchu at your baby's mother's house
Even at your down-low weed spot
But the backdrop, wasn't flattering enough
I didn't want people gathering and stuff [cameras click]
Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff
Here - puff this here, while I figure which way, to split yo' wig
Right now you as nervous, as a Farmer John pig
As I dig into my tragic bag, take out the HK
Twist on the silencer, insert the thirty-shot mag (WHOOSH)
Bullet stuck to his brain like a mack
Skull in fragments, I leave the cleanup to Dragnet 

This is anybody MURDERAHHH
to fuckin everybody MURDERAHHH
Nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
This is anybody MURDERAHHH
Motherfuckin everybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed 

[Ms. Roq]
Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough
Lurkin through the turf, think how I'ma just work
Give em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced
Stepped out the car, put my steel, to the side of his face
Murder - this the fuckin Case, rob this nigga and shake
the fuckin spot cause in a few it's gon' be crawlin with cops!
Who's the bad bitch now, you crept on, paid the piper
Who'da thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper
Detrimental to your health, shoulda learned yo' lesson
But it's too late nigga bye-bye, better count yo' blessings
I been watchin you watchin me, yeah you ballin
Was, nigga now you finger fucked and steady fallin
A thug wit no love, but bitch niggaz die fast
Thug niggaz die young - oh what you thought you would last?
Blast two shots to the dome, slide back to the pad
and jack my nigga off, til his dick get soft
Resume the wifey boo shit, cause yo my man don't know
that his bitch is straight ill, servin ass with fo'fo' (KABOOM)

I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH
Bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH
Uhh bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed! [echoes]



[Eddie Griffin]
Aww they say uhh..
.. a black man is a pimp
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
on planet motherfuckin Earth, is her momma
It's her MOMMA that told her,
"Get a man that got a good job gurl!
Make sure he got a good car gurl!
Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin gurl!"
What happened to just fallin in love with a nigga with a bus pass --
-- just cause you love the nigga?
But +I'm+ the pimp motherfucker!
I gotta be the player! 

Biggest hoes, on planet Earth..
.. are walkin through the motherfuckin neighborhood
You KNEW when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You knew he already had a family
but you fucked him anyway!!!
And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga
you went and got pregant - didn't you bitch, DIDN'T YOU!!
THE OL' KEEP A NIGGA BABY
And then when the nigga ain't around, what do you tell the child?
"Aww that nigga ain't shit, that's why yo' daddy ain't here;
cause that nigga ain't shit."
How bout bein a woman, and tellin the kid the truth
that yo' momma, you was a hoe!
TELL THE KID!
Momma was a hoe, I was weekend pussy
I had you to keep the nigga, it didn't work out
that's why he ain't here - but he a good nigga
cause he take care of his REAL family
I was just a dumb bitch, tryin to keep, a nigga that I wanted



[MC Ren:]
Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West y'all)
Yeah, L.A. niggaz
L.A. niggaz rule the world nigga
Y'all niggaz gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin?
Niggaz don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, droppin heat box on y'all bitch-ass
Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggaz, connected all over the motherfuckin world, nigga
Recognize this

[Time Bomb:]
Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd from the feet up
Blued up from the Zoo, a pi' grew up
Loc'n, smokin and drinkin til we threw up (threw up)
At Leimert Park, taggin, hittin fools up
Ditchin my class, just to fuck yo' school up
You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up
But don't sleep, y'all niggaz quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But Time Bomb much smoother when I manuever, dope like Cuba
Got em jumpin [King T starts speakin, indecipherable]

[King T:]
I'm comin "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha
Picture this, Dr. Dre twistin with Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick (BOOM)
Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold seperate, check it
From sundown to sunup - clown done run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what?

[Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al, Kokane]
We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and back heat
Requirements for survival each day - in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way - in L.A.!

[Hittman:]
Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move
They call me Hitt - cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my max crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true
But I grew up where niggaz jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your turkish chain, C.K. B.K.
Blued up or flame, I ran with a gang
I helped niggaz get, jacked for they Dana Dane's
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's
One-time's, sunshines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian thai, drive-by, six-fo's on switches

[xzibit:]
I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF'
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hatin on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touchin mine you catch a flatline, dead on the floor
Better than yours, drivin away gettin head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fuckin with me might get you banned from TV,
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie
What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health
Like puttin a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself

[Defari:]
Five in the mornin, burglars at my do'
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggaz, who by fifths by the fo'
And bruise by the case
SLAP YOU in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with Sedans and gold rings
Haters fold the style, but can't find no openings

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
In L.A.

That's how we ride [x4]



[Jake Steed's lines are in {}'s]

(Ya'll ready to get nasty?) 

YEAH! 
{Shit!}....YEAH! Ohhh... 
{Damn! 
Oh, that pussy is good tho...} 
Oh, shit! 
{It's good!} 
OHHH! OHHH! 
Fuck, you hurtin' me bitch! {Oh shit!} 
OHHH! {Oh, yeah you're da bitch, beotch!} 
(Fuck!) 
OHHH! {Oh shit!} 
(You're hurtin' me!) 
{Damn!} 
(You're hurtin' me!) 
{Damn!} (OHHH!) 
{Damn!} 
You're makin' my pussy sore, bastard! {Oh shit!} 
{Oh, my nuts!} 
Aww, Fuck me! {OHHH!} Fuck... 
{Oh shit yo' face!} (OHHH!) {Oh, damn, damn, damn, oh, 
Shit, oh, 
Fuckin in my ass, bastard! 
{Shit! Ohhh... Ohhh... DAMN!} 
Oh, shit I can't see! (Ohhh...) 
Oh, shit! {Oh, shit!} 
Fuck! {Whore!} Ahhh... 
{Damn, that shit was good...} 
Ahhh, oh shit... 
{Ohhh, my god...} 
Ohhhh....ohhhh...ohhhh... 
{Damn...} 
Oh, that shit feels so good... 
Ohhh...ohhh...ohhh... 
{Shit!} 
Oh, get the fuck up! Oh, get the fuck up now! 
Oh you fucked the shit out of us! 
Fuckin big dick master! {Oh shit! Aight...} 
Oh shit! {Aight, chill, chill, chill, give me five minutes, damn!} 
Well, get the fuck up! 
Jake, hurry up, 'cause you know I gotta get home to my nigga...'cause you know... 
You know you gots to get some at home, hahaha... 
Now I'm lovin that big 
{Ooooh, shit!} 
Ha ha..what? You got a problem? 
{Man, fuck your man, know what I'm sayin? I'm Jake Steed. BITCH!} 
WHAT??!! Who you callin' a bitch? 
{You! Bitch!}



[Chorus: Kurupt]

Now this this is one of them occasions
where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a hoe that he like
But you can't make a hoe a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
a bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what you found you a hoe that you like
But you can't make a hoe a housewife (wife) 

[Dr. Dre]
I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip
(Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty
You pimpin strong, but comin home, to sheets that be filthy
She on the dillzy, I take advantage
All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish
I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back
Slut I'm bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat
Learn the player rules, this is how I play a dude
Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes
Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it
Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded
She sweatin me, won't let me, broad turned fraud
Now she on this dick huh, got her turnin tricks huh
Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin
I left her up in Dallas, Texas - assed-out 

[Chorus]

[Hittman]
Naw hoe is short for honey, almost had her Wailin like Bunny
Tellin tales of bein pregnant, catchin Norstrom sales with abortion money
I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her
Now we got beef, he caught up in the hoe's erotica
Exotic - she's psychotic, rockin his Nautica
Soon he'll need antibiotics (sucka bitch)
Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody
You be like, "Damn how could she hit me off with chlamydia?"
Fool I pity ya
We live in the city off, ballers
with more bouncin than a Zapp, she will doo-wah-diddy-ya
Prettier to grittier, the wittier can get her
to the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like, Rico
That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco
A high-post hoe, a perfect way for me to keep dough
Huh, have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave. and Pico 

[Kurupt]
At the ho-tel, mo-tel, or the Holiday Inn (say what nigga?)
I said if that bitch keep fuckin up (beotch) then we'll fuck her friends
I said I dip, dive, what can I say?
Niggaz need to stop fuckin with O.J.
Some niggaz bang blood, some niggaz bang crip
And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
I had to dream of hoes, I had to scream at hoes
I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes
Lil' Almond Joy, I truly enjoy
if you blew my balls, right through my drawers
Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot
From the way she was blowin, I know she does it a lot
I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters
The hoe started callin when I started boss ballin
Gimme some head, gimme some ass (uh-huh)
Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz
Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate
Hoes eat dick like eggs and steak
That ain't shit new, I thought you knew (what?)
I knew you would, you wish you could
break a G down, break me down
But I'ma see you on the rebound (what what?) D.P. style 

[Chorus]

[door slams]

[D.O.C.]
Lil' 1/2 Dead 

[1/2 Dead??]
Lil' 1/2 Dead the money jumped out to say
ol' Snoop Dogg on the look out boy? 

[D.O.C.]
Yeahhh 

[some hoe]
He gotta be MORE than 1/2 Dead
if he don't fill my motherfuckin drink up! 

[1/2 Dead??]
Or fill your motherfuckin mouth up 

[D.O.C.]
Ahhhhhh-HAHAhahahahAHAHH 

[some hoe]
I don't think so!!



[Hittman]
It's fuckin ackrite
Question is - can I get some? Knahmsayin?
Ackrite bitch
When I see you in the spot, you just ackrite, youknahmsayin?
When I yank you by the fuckin perm
don't be lookin at a nigga crazy
Just get with the digits and be the fuck out, youknahmsayin?
Let me break it down for y'all 

It was just one of those days
when I wanted to catch sunrays
Fun to get blunted on a Sunday, afternoon
Nigga ? got room, grab the gat for misbehavors
and the chocolate faded boom, flossin hip-hop tunes
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
Wonder will we have drama or, end up clownin whores
Around the full good-to-go girls
like them ?? girls, ridin shotgun, baby
I be postin all-world in the ride
Sippin 151 that gave me too much pride to back down
Soon as we get to the beach I'ma put my fuckin mack down
I'm playin lead, not the background
It's time to put Bronson on the map now
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile
Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite
I'ma have to ack-wild 

[Chorus: sung by Hittman]

Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggaz don't fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite)
I'm the type of nigga playa haters don't like
Snatchin up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(Aight? So give a nig' some ackrite, right) 

[Hittman]
Uhhhhh.. drink kickin in, I'm stimulated
For those that don't know big words, I'M FUCKIN FADED
Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot
Our first spot was cool til some gangsters made it hot
Now we plot and pose
plus we watchin hoes, with lots of flesh exposed
gettin swarmed by those type of niggaz
with no game but brown-nose
So I impose only like pros can
"Yo, is this your man?" "No."
Grab the bitch's hand, "I'm Hittman."
Bling! Gold chain gleam
"You're very eligible for my summer league team."
Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed
Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethern
I got mad spit flame on the name
Stefan, tattooed on her arm
Hoe you ain't the bomb, must be a dyke
witcho' lips swoll, and give a nig' some ackrite 

[Chorus (minus the word "Aight" both times)]

[Hittman]
Frontin on the ack-rite, causin me to act up
Good Samaritan save that hoe from gettin slapped up
My homies crack up at the scene I made
Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade
If it wasn't for the one-time brigade
I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp
As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp
Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes
from fake macks {*CAR HORN*} aiyyo, chase them girls
in that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her
neckbone, lookin back at us
Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush
They blush, I bumrush the hush, with the largest crush
Try to swing an ep tonight so I don't have to keep in touch
Keep it on hush without the tip-in
Mackin interrupted by some niggaz set-trippin
Clip in the strap, I showed these niggaz how to act 

[Chorus]



Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 

[Dr. Dre]
Everyday it's the same thang, L.A. ain't changed
Niggaz still playa hatin, but Dre ain't changed
I'm just a lot smarter now
cause these niggaz is bangin ten times harder now
Niggaz ringin they ass up in the wrong part of town
Better turn they car around
Rollin the window down (Em: Hey can we talk it out?)
(Hitt: NAH GET THE FUCK OUT!)
Johnny got a shotgun
and he ain't even strong enough to cock one
Fuck tryin to job hunt
Niggaz got AK's, niggaz is way crazier
than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days
Niggaz spray strays and shoot without lookin
Niggaz walk by and blast without leavin a footprint
I think the attitudes are twice as worst
It takes half the time to get your life reversed
Always tryin to play Rambo with they ammo
Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode 

BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! 

[Knoc-turn'al]
Late nights is full of led that whistles as it goes by
Murder arrives, anytime
Bullets take flight when the fo'-five ignites
Some hearts skip a beat, some get blew out, and every light
put you in the site of youngsters with automatics
Bustin on shit to lay everything down even tourists and non-affiliates
These days, gun play is official with green lights on every block
Know the sign tells you too it's not best to stop
On every corner, Cali niggaz are dumpin
You'll be shakin your soul loose from the box at the coroner's
Makin death not so foreign to ya
Niggaz got Rugers and M-14's with enough, 
ammo to leave an armored truck swiss cheese
I've learned to stay away from house parties
I've seen too many go and end up absent without leavin
Ain't no, warm welcomings, my eyes have witnessed the bend in on
Nights that don't sleep, and fireworks until dawn 

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 

[Hittman]
Now tell me - what the fuck is this man?
Niggaz doin brothers in worse than the Klan
Can't even stand, in front of your buildin and chill
without yieldin, twelve-year-old children that kill
blood spillin, thugs be illin, unnecessary slugs
fillin the sky, usually drillin the one
that wasn't willin to die, yes sir in the Killing Field
I got my, life preserver
And I'll do my time for murder, these niggaz got the nerve to
question me - bout the colors that I got on?
Now see that red dot on your knot
Bout to get your whole crew shot on
A Soldier of Fortune, I'm the wrong nigga to plot on
Took him out on the spot before he even got on
my hitlist -- peep this
I cock back, you bow down
Bust round, bloody the ground, retaliation sounds like this 

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!



[Dr. Dre]
This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P.
.. [Mary J. Blige sings in the background] ..
A message to God
.. [Mary J. Blige sings in the background] .. 

[Dr. Dre]
Since you finishin em early, what posessed you to start him?
We made a vow - later we'll regret til death do us part
Lord, I thought we was made for each other
You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other
Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was
I'll never last, cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doin when you made us; so with all due respect
you coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him
He can take the game with him, cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it?
I'm feelin like my whole world is blinded - wonderin why
Cryin, pourin out my heart, pourin out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers, somethin we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguin tellin the truth
He had talent too - I had plans on watchin him grow
Don't know what hurts more - seein him leave, or watchin him go 

[Mary J. Blige]
Listen listen listen.. (listen) whoahh (listen)
Listen listen listen.. (better listen) whoahh-oahhh-oahhh
Listen listen listen.. [harmonizing]
Listen.. mmm-mmm-mmm 

[Rell + (Mary)]
If you wanna know why.. (why I live my life)
The way that I do.. (cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me.. (cause I know my way around)
I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper 

[Dr. Dre]
Youse a soldier, you're probably packin heat up there
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm goin through it with you
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial
Prayin you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keepin a poker face
to straight breakin down and showin all emotions
I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry
If that's the truth, then I'm realizin I ain't no gangsta
It's just not me, but you know I'ma always ride wit you
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died wit you 

[Mary J. Blige]
Listen listen listen.. (listen) whoahh (listen)
Listen listen listen.. whoahh-oahhh-oahhh
Listen listen listen.. [harmonizing]
Listen.. eyy-eyy-eyy-yeah-yeahh 

[Rell + (Mary)]
If you wanna know why.. (why I live my life)
The way that I do.. (cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me.. (don't worry, don't worry worry)
I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper 

[Mary J. Blige]
yeah, yeah, ahhh-oooh-oahahahhhhh.. listen..
mmmmmmmmmhmhmhmmmmmm..
if you don't know why I.. you gotta listen up right now
lis-ten, lis-ten, lis-ten, lis-ten..
oooooooooh... oahahoooohhh ooooha ohhhhh
lis-ten, lis-ten
ahhhowooooo yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah
yeah-ehh-yeah, yeah-ooeooooh
yahhooooohahhooooh listen
lis-ten, children lis-ten
I'm tryin to tell you somethin good
Don't get caught up in the hood
Yeahhh-hah, yeahhh-hah, aooooooh
if you don't know why..
you gotta find out the reason why..
brother.. brother..



[King Mez:]
I don't give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit, y'all counterfeit
Y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, I'm all about Fort Knox, nigga
Ridin' through your neighborhood
Throwin' money out the window like "What!?"
You about the dollar
(You know nothin' 'bout it) Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no, no, no, I ain't even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it, what?

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[Dr. Dre:]
I just bought Cali-fornia
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
MVP shit, this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough, I want it all
Goddammit, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner too
If you wanna beef, make sure that that's somethin' you wanna do
There's some missin' people that felt that way too

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[King Mez:]
What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here, you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem, I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fuckin' with me
I murder rappers everyday, til' police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve to have breast niggas
Crying bout my old girl, funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed, Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chainin'
If this was you, your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless, I'm just off the record
But I mean it, kept my blessings
We was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[Justus (King Mez):]
Listen, I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch, I'ma show 'em how to get involved
Yeah I want everything, yeah I want everything
Talk about it, hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it, what?



[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder
Murder

[Candice Pillay:]
My daddy done killed a bitch
Went and put that dome to her head
My daddy done killa you
Don't feel a pull a part that man and
(Let me up!) What it look like?
See my daddy done kill 'em dead
Bullets come down from the earth
My daddy done killa you
Don't feel a pull a part that man and
(Let me up!) What it look?

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder
Murder

[Dr. Dre:]
(It's been a 187 in this bitch!)
Murderess, murder listen, hit a suburban whippin'
Tinted windows ride at your wifey (Blah!) and I bet you miss her
Reload the protools and we throw the clip in both trays
That's one on the left and one in the right hand, Scottie Pippen both ways
Been doin' drive-bys, got this music industry timelined
Lookin' like Rosecrans when these niggas throw up them signs high
I'm talkin' about that bottom where it's hot grinds
Shit, Iím just tryna get paid and keep ëem thighs high
Sometimes I feel like I could just bury ëem, bury 'em
Cause delirium, mass hysteria, scarier area
I'm very aware that hip hop needed somethin' to carry it
So I married that bitch and swung down in that chariot
Hangin' way too fuckin' close, beware the barrier
This is hub city nigga, don't make us embarrass you
Man, you should be realistic, these niggas 'round here ballistic
We did the numbers and you lookin' like another statistic

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder
Murder

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Ahh, recognize whatever side the sides reside until the dead has risen
Live in a project building, dodgin' the module ceilings
I ride, I'mma ride in a stolen jeep
Ride with the eyes of five blind men, my vision (Corrupted)
Mama tried counselin', five plans for Kendrick (But fuck it)
My family's ties, had sabotaged Rosecrans existence (abducted)
My aliens on surveillance, they payed me a visit (Disgusting)
Our stadium's packed, raiders in black
Curls drippin', silver bullet, palladium in my strap
I lie on the side of a one way street
Nowhere to go, death all I can see
I say "Fuck is up?", I fuck 'em up, your supper's up or somethings up
I hoping all get orthotist, rope it before the double dutch broke
Plenty ruckus with the weapon I protect it under oath
My discretion, fuck your blessing, fuck your life
Fuck your hope, fuck your mama
Fuck your daddy, fuck you dead homie
Fuck the world up when we came up, that's Compton homie!

Murder, murder
Murder
Murder
It's all murder
Murder

Murder, murder
Murder, murder
It's been a murder
(It's been a 187 in this bitch!)



[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
Family problems, it ain't easy handling those needs
(Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do)
Baby mama drama, I just need a little time to go to sleep
(Damn, only if I had a little time for me)
Record company motherfuckers asking me when I'm gonna release
(I want the pressure homie, so much pressure on me)
And my homies on my back about me helping them get up off them streets (I mean what the fuck?)

[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

[Dr. Dre:]
(Listen to me)
It's kind of funny how they fall back on me
I used to never get a call back, homie
Before the money they didn't see me like it's dark and it's all black, homie
But now they switching cause the card black, homie
It wasn't always that way
We was recording on the 4-track, homie
New apartment, no fridge, no mattress, no table, no cable
And all I hear is my girl in my ear
And this nigga Eazy asking for his car back, homie
I would've never saw this happening from that far back, homie
What it came to be, would have never believed, living the life I lived in C-P-T
A motherfucking dream to reality is what you call that, homie

[Justus:]
It was something to me
No eat, no sleep, wasn't nothing to me
Can't always be how you want it to be
And I'm the one that they looking up to
Fuck they expecting from me?

[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

[Dr. Dre:]
That's just the way it is, and how it always was
DJing parties in my neighborhood just for the love
Dope dealers overtipping and bitches stripping
And any minute niggas start tripping and start shooting shit
On any given day I'm like "what the fuck?"
Face down on the pavement with the billy clubs
Took that feeling to the studio and cued it up
And now it's "Fuck the Police" all up in the club
Now it's '91 and Snoop Dogg came to visit
And was like "What up cuz? Let me show you what this chronic like"
Couldn't help myself, just had to dip into that chronic life
And then that night came in when that nigga Knight came in (woo!)
This one of those dreams you don't wake up from
Then again, you don't sleep if you come from where I come from
When the sun shines and they bust nines
Don't dial 9 plus 1-1
When they run up on your school bus with a two truck, you might learn something

[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be



[Jimmy Iovine:]
Fear, fear's a powerful thing. I mean it's got a lot of firepower. If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that's very powerful. I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy, just to do as well as the next guy. And to do better than the next guy, I had to just kill. And you know, to a certain extent, that's still with me in how I work, you know, I just... go in

[Anderson .Paak:]
Sittin' 'bout a hundred stories up, like what the fuck?
And I'm just lookin' at it all
I'll be right here in Los Angeles
Lookin' like a villain layin' low
Nothin' I can do but pack it all up
Goin' up, but shit, I feel the love
Spotlight on me and I'm feelin' so rare tonight
Actin' a fool and feelin' alive
I'm fuckin' flawless like I live in a vault
Only type of livin' I know

[Anderson .Paak & Dr. Dre:]
See if it was you you would've killed yourself by now
It takes a special kind of mothafucka to live like this
And they ask me how I do it
Mothafucka just take a look around
Best believe I'm in the buildin' I hear you mothafuckas talkin' and all that but uh
No, no don't mention me at all
Yeah comin' live and direct
And I know you feelin' some type of way about it, but uh
Watch your mouth, I dare your ass to say somethin'
I thought it was all good
But now you mothafuckas crossed the line
Kinda pissin' me off
All the fans and all the fame, and though I gave everything to this game
They still complain
Now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do?
There's so much fuckin' pressure
There's all this pressure
And it's all in a day's work

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Work, hard
Workin' so hard
24/7, 3-6-5
365, hard work
It's all in a day's work

[Dr. Dre & Anderson .Paak:]
My whole life all I ever thought about was grindin'
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylus
And that was back when I felt like rappers was true mothafuckin' riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fuckin' youngster
Shit I was still sayin', "Fuck the police"
Born and raised in the belly of the beast
I had a dream that we was at peace
But I was so wrong.. so wrong
Y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV talks about pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck when they runnin' their life story by us
It's the worst when I'm in a hotel, like a Hilton sick and tired
Some of these housewives way too fuckin' desperate
These bitches thinkin' fame first
I can't knock the hustle, it's all in a day's work
But that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit it's just somethin' about that Hollywood curse
They just thirst

[Anderson .Paak:]
Hard times
I'm on my grind, fuck the part-time
Stay ready for war, I'm on the front line
I'm gettin' the feelin' like it's all mine
It's becoming the only feeling I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know

Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Let's get back to work
On the grind, back to work

[Dr. Dre:]
Let's work
Rich as fuck, but, guess what, I'm back to work
Overseas, back home, no time to sleep, I'm back to work
So many people that I love, they want my time but I got to work
Some of my friends don't understand I got to work
Always talkin' 'bout bustin' the club but I'm like, "Fuck that I gotta work"
If you really wanna do it like this, shit you better get back to work
Back to work
Right back to work
Gotta get back to work
Shit, right back to work



[Darkside]

[King Mez:]
Where you at? where you from?
What you doing over here motherfucker?
Whatchu think? what you bang?
This ain't your motherfuckin gang

[King Mez:]
Now I ain't never been no gangsta
But I know niggas know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killas cold niggas
My nigga used to roll with us roll with us
Married to the more money more women
Now I ain't ever been the one to pull a gun on you
But you know who got 'em
No I never sell no drugs homie but I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me but I know who got 'em
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry to night if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you is just another Friday night
Got a nigga for the car tonight
With the bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)

[Dr. Dre:]
Now please don't give me a reason
Cause I know you wanna keep breathing, this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That I'm the motherfucking one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league my own, you ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorised for this song
Might be best for you to get gone
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong in this song
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
30 years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing something right
Word to my nigga Eazy

[Eazy-E:]
Eazy-E CPT OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)

[Gone]

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

[Dr. Dre:]
I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars LA has ever seen
People been telling me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though I've been this way since 17
Tryna get finances poppin', man I thought that was the object
To some of my niggas lost they life and then that goes the team
My only dream was holding us down like fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice, I took this industry by storm young and black
Killing them softly, don't ever call me fortunate
You don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me homie
We ain't even talking fuck that energy, fuck up off me

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

[Kendrick Lamar:]
You look at my lifestyle, I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fuckin' with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit you can only get on an oversea flight now
You scare of my heist now
But still I got enemies giving me energy I wanna fight now
Subliminally sent to me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really no clue you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then you hang yourself
Cause I got the Beem in gold, with a million sold
Like 19 more, from a dollar fit
But without all the diamonds though
To you I'm just another nigga

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone



All my life, I've been down to ride
Till I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and being between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin' real life

[Dr. Dre:]
You know where the fuck I'm from
From that muthafuckin' legendary
From the city where the niggas load clips and fats and get stabbed at home room should've skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gangbanin' out the window hollering let's ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas don't know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life, you never die, you never die
I'm in that motherfuckin' one for a minute now
All y'all lil' niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, I'm the one that's killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle

R.I.P to KMG
I'm still gonna murder, and don't give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin' I walk in the building I just give a fuck where the money at
[?]
They trust me it's only just one of them
I'm callin' them shots and makin' the plays and if you get a train better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta, y'all testin my patience
Got me feelin' so anxious, I be lookin' so facetious
Feel like running a capre

[Xzibit:]
(Wait, hold up I got next)
(What up X)
Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and I'm dressed like a spy
Black tux, oh you fucks guess what, I'm ready to blow
(Yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin' off the neighbors scrapin' bumpin' in the driveway
You gave me the pistol told me to kill at will
(Blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldn't give a fuck)
Literally, cashed out just livin' to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of 'em? Send them to me
While I'm just over here cozy holdin' these double D's
She book smart with pornographic abilities
(Well I don't know what you know
But I know I got that shit)
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck 'em!
That's why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitches niggas from runnin' their mouth
(It's bout time somebody said something)

[Cold 187um:]
One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
I'm ready to die I can't control this fuckin' anger
Ah shit, somebody better fuckin' stop me
Cause I'm a loose cannon that can't stand myself I'm bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else (fuck em')
I swear to god I'ma do it, back the fuck up I'ma do it, I swear to god I'ma lose it

Baby, baby
What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down
Really? Are you doin' this shit to me again?
(Oh my God)
You is so fucked up for this
(Fuck It)
(Wait, wait, wait, wait)
I'm sorry!
Don't point the fuckin' gun on me!
Okay, put the fuckin' gun down!
No, no, no, no!!

Alright, I got her legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits
Shut the fuck up, I got it
What the, what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit, matter of fact you know what you go dig the fuckin' hole this time
I don't give a fuck it will be the first fuckin' hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know, ask fuckin' Charles Manson right here
Oh, oh, you're tryin' to be funny? You're really fuckin' tryin' to be funny right now?
Shh, shh, shut your ass up
This is bad
This is, this is fucking bad man
Fuck it, let's start digging



[Anderson .Paak:]
From close range we official
Cocaine, money and pistols
Goddammit I got issues
Can't be serious
Alright now here we go
Where my city at?
Fuck with me, come on
I know you're feelin' that
Fuck with me, come on
You know I'm really that
Fuck with me, come on
Come on, come on
Don't even act like I ain't about my business
Mothafucka come on!
Come on, come on
Full clip, ammunition
You don't wanna deal with these fuckin' consequences

[Ice Cube:]
Fuckboys should tighten up a whole lot
I got some niggas with me down for runnin' up in your spot
And these niggas got hatchets and ratchets
Some of them lethals up under the mattress
And matter of fact this is a chance to show my lifestyle out to the masses
But chances are I might get another negative reaction
They got my fraction but I fucks 'em up like battery acid
Who gives a fuck what you think, nigga? This is my passion
Ride through the time, you know my name, you know my reputation
You know what it is, I don't need to give no explanation
When you say my fuckin' name, add exclamation
Los Angeles king now, make your bitch bring crowns
To me and Dre, you don't like it, you can lay
Think I'm quiet cause I'm actin', but my bank account gon' say
Fuck you! Respected from SoCal out to the Bay
Cashed a lot of checks this mornin', guess today was a good day

[Dem Jointz:]
Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin'
And the sleepers'll join the fallen

[Dr. Dre:]
But this is what the fuck is up, doin' this for my city
Comp-town, Hub, this my fuckin' committee
Shout out to Dub C, real nigga be with me
C-Walkin' on these niggas with a crease in them Dickies
You know how many nights I heard them sparks echo in the park?
Around this time I was spinnin' records at Eve After Dark
My CD crazy, school girls used to play with that chalk
Same chalk police used to outline niggas we lost
You understand what I'm sayin'? Shit is crazy, man
Fuck the money, yo this shit could never change me, man
These new niggas in this bitch could never phase me, man
I know it's strange but on some real shit it's plain as day
Just havin' some fuckin' fun with this rap shit
Nigga with an attitude, still gettin' active
Man this industry to me, it feels a little plastic
I ain't heard nothin' that I can consider classic
But this is for my niggas who been runnin' with me
And everybody in this bitch that's out there gunnin' for me
And I got love for my people that stay one hundred with me
I'ma keep it A1, been that way since day one

[Dem Jointz:]
Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin'
And the sleepers'll join the fallen
So I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin'
And the sleepers will join the fallen

Drama make the city happy
All I think about is makin' classics
Classics for the masses
This how you make... classic
C-c-classic

[Dem Jointz:]
This is where I leave you
Carry you
In the city of Compton
This is where I leave you
Carry you
Down the Pacific Coast
This is where I leave you
And I will miss you



(Where you from man?)
What is going on in Compton, I don't understand it?
Well as it relates to this, this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this, you'll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre

[Dr. Dre:]
I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
All you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder and tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a niggas so cut-throat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Coulda stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go
Don't get it fucked up

[Justus (Kendrick Lamar):]
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

[Dr. Dre:]
Pst, this is about round for them
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (the Pacific)
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water
Listen, listen, listen
All you niggas swimming in the info
Gonna fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
Don't get it fucked up
Naw nigga, now everybody wanna visit
Tryna re-up that prescription (that prescription)
Yup, yeah, re-up
That's my nigga, water colors couldn't even paint the picture
They don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin' children)
I'm the one that got they ear, for many years
I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear
My influence run deep like the ocean
Don't get it fucked up

[Justus (Kendrick Lamar):]
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

[Anderson .Paak:]
Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (if you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a life guard when you need one?

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin' up with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking about no rapping, I was drinking for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No releasing me, I got the beast in me
I gotta holla, keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that bitch on auto pilot (Shit)
I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya, walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up)
Probably got fucked up tryna park his tour bus
Not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A county zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized, banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga this is life in my aquarium
(Don't get it fucked up)

[Justus (Kendrick Lamar):]
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at
Nigga, down in the deep water

[Anderson .Paak:]
Help me
Feels like you're drowning
I'm drowning
Help me
Help me, help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you, if you can't swim)
Help me 
Help me, help me, help me
I can't, I can't breathe
I can't wait, help
(Where's a lifeguard when you need one?)
God please, please help me, please
Please help me, please help...
Please help, please...please...



[Snoop Dogg:]
Guess who's back, it ain't a fuckin' question
They know the name, bow in the presence of a living legend
Fuck what you heard it's murda, murda, you gon' need protection
Some niggas blinded, couldn't see, so look for me to come and give direction
Who hold the crown, it ain't no conversation
I'm bein' modest, should be silent 'less you payin' homage, remain the hottest
Niggas can't stop us, that's just being honest
And makin' hits, I never had problems much in that department
Don't get me started, don't compare me to the newest nigga
For everyone of you, there's a hundred more and I watch them come n' go
My track record ain't coincidental
And these verses is like hearses consistently killin' all with instrumentals
Tell me, fuck what would ya'll do without me?!
Kill yourself or even think of something crazy 'bout me
I'm like Ali a fuckin' champ, now watch me rope a dope
Just watch him choke, cause everythin' I drop is dope
Now watch 'em all go up in smoke

[Jon Connor:]
I came here to raise hell, I can't lie
One shot, one kill, it's real, I ain't hired
Don't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
And never get it fucked up, I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it, I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up, over guns so I try
Now that weak shit will never slide, I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys

[Jon Connor:]
Look, what the fuck, I was just chillin' in the cut
And no beginners, only winners run amok, you runners up
You funny fuck like twenty bucks, I know your slut will let me fuck
I told my city "Hold me down", now look how high they hold me up
I'm Kobe clutch, I hold my nuts till I was old enough to cuss
Was kissin' bitches after lunch, now that's a muthafuckin' rush
So by highschool, I was fuckin' niggas bitches on the hush
So no questions and no panties in a muthafuckin' must
It's the peoples rapper, I ain't no rapper
I'm the rapture on the mornin' after
You lackin' passion, you ain't bad, you just a wack distraction
I can't relax cause I feel the magic smashin', Toni Braxton
Where your sisters at? Let's get it crackin' (fuckers)
Look, I was young, I was broke
Had no hope, so I wrote, that's how I cope
I went hard with no results
New approach, same truth
Just get ready, aim, shoot, then get buried, bang, woof
So they better bring troops because...

[Jon Connor:]
I came here to raise hell, I can't lie
One shot, one kill, it's real, I ain't hired
You won't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
Never get it fucked up, I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it, I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up, over guns so I try
Now that weak shit, we'll never slide, I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys

[Jon Connor:]
It's fuckin' murder, baby
I'm tryna hurt 'em, baby
I know you heard me, baby
Feel like I'm goin' crazy
It's fuckin' murder, baby
Run, run, run, the cops almost got me
Another tear drop, another fuckin' body
Uh, uh, uh, another fuckin' body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another fuckin' body, body



It's motherfuckin' Game time!

[Game:]
Six pounds of chronic on my grandma coffee table
That's how you remember it, that's how I remember it
Yeah, dip into the liquor store, .9 in my khaki's
Crips tryna get at me, my red Impala bumping like acne
My city a trap me
Been shot, robbed, stabbed, chased home, socked out
Jabbed by esse's, cops, degenerate niggas with rags
Disintegrate niggas went into me, dome shots like Kennedy
Slugs trippin' with Henessey, got murderous tendencies
And if you don't know where the fuck they got me from
Martin Scorsese when I pull out my gun
Scarface, car chase, tell me how your blood taste
Ask your baby mama, she'll tell you how a blood taste
Basket case, still I'm back with Dre, shit I never left
Run up in Beats, "Bitch pass the safe! Compton"
Produced by a billionaire in this motherfucker
Still smoking, Dre we need a ceiling in this motherfucker
Compton!
They're killing in this motherfucker
They're drilling in this motherfucker
Lock the door, they're stealing in this motherfucker
No chains, no reins, this my home
Nigga this hub city, no fly zone
Niggas pull out burners, start breaking like turbo on ozone
Crack fiends on the back streets
Where the tracks lean and the needles lay
And switchblades, if you bitch made
Put chili all on your Frito Lay's
Where we dream of Montego Bay
But all we got is the swap meet
Where the cops meet, go bang bang
Leaves blood stains on the concrete
And I'm the only nigga bumping Mobb Deep
Cause I mob deep down that side street
I'm a west side rider, [?] gats on collars
Don't hate me, better get your dollars
I be on Rosecrans with a Glock in both hands
Leaning on that bro hand
Flame dump like a co-tail with my name on it

[Asia Bryant:]
Another day in Compton, the thrill is high
Know somebody's watching, but I don't know why
Feel the fire burning, it touches the sky
Feeling coming at you, I won't die tonight
So I get by, I get by
I get by, I get, I get by
Cause it's just another day in Compton



[Jill Scott:]
For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money

It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne

[Jon Connor:]
Say what's up to the broke nigga at the rich party
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do I look like I give a fuck? Sorry
Looking at these hoes and they gold digger gorgeous tryna get me
I run game on a bitch, one Mississippi two Mississippi
Flint nigga in the spot til they pop one and the cops come like (woo!)
Motherfuckers own a shotgun like a pop gun and they ready like yeah
Still a good nigga I'm a Northside nigga til I'm gone
Do it for the ones in the hood like Connor gon' put the city on
Fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I ain't got shit but I still feel good
Nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell em post up
Homie in the hood like "let me hold something"
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil buddy froze up
All they be talkin' but ain't saying nothing
Niggas be talking that ain't what they want
Ain't no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this and not giving a fuck
You laugh at a bitch, she get hid in the trunk
You think this sound crazy, that's how I grew up
So this for my people that's still in the cut

[Jill Scott:]
I said I want that, need that
The root of all evil mayne, (get it, get it)
I said I want that, need that
The root of all evil, mayne

[Dr. Dre (Anderson .Paak):]
Said what's up to the nigga wearing all black at a white party
And I'm looking like I don't give a fuck
That's how I get down nigga sorry
And I'm looking like I don't play no games, nah, nigga don't try me
Been that nigga that's been spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfucking hobby
If you're on that bullshit nigga better fly that shit right by me
I came from the bottom of this bitch and made it out of that shit
And that's why we on top of this motherfucking world
Damn, look at that body
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me, bend it over, end of story
(Seems like chasing paper's what's important to you)
Got a relationship with that money
(But that bitch will never be faithful to you)
Even though I know she knows she crazy
(Please just let it go, seize, no saving you)
Ride, ride
Til the motherfucking wheels fall off in this bitch
(We can do it for the love)
But I'm never stopping my poppin'
(These numbers don't lie, but your love is superficial
It's the simple shit you need to pay attention to)

[Jill Scott:]
Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mayne
I said I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mayne

[Jill Scott:]
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne

[Jill Scott:]
Want that, need that
The root of all evil mayne, get it, get it
I said I want that, need that



[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction

[Dr. Dre:]
Yeah, I mean, I listen to these rap records
Half the time I'm suspicious
You niggas sound so fictitious
Believe me I know the difference
I got some words for you niggas
You're the definition of (Satisfiction)
Listen up, I been where you're going three times and plus
Big houses, cars, jewelry, bad bitches all around us
Motherfucker uh, I seen it all and guess what
It's the (Satisfiction) you feel me?

[King Mez:]
Oh yeah, I see what you're saying
I know some niggas just like that
Frontin' ass niggas man, really ain't got no bucks like that
Stuck like that, its cool if you cool gettin' love like that
Flashin' down the Southside Raleigh
You'll be runnin' outta blunts like that
What I mean by that is
Why your name always in these rental records
Spendin' rent money gettin' that bottle service into your section
You leased your car, leased your house, leased your spouse
No she leavin' if you run outta paper
And might be smashin' your neighbor
I know you think you're a star cause followers clickin'
Guess your ambition is to keep up with social tradition
Like sneaker shoppin' summer you niggas are fuckin' sickenin'
Cause you'll take your soul out, just so you can fit in

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction

[Snoop Dogg:]
Cuz, fuck wrong with these niggas
These labels always ask me to do a song with these niggas
Doc, I think its time for you to open up the pharmacy nigga
And change this fuckin' music shit my nigga, you should consider
Nah, I'll be doin' me lokin, keepin' these bad bitches open
And keeping them wet yep, see cause Long Beach right by that ocean
Sippin' that gin and juice my nigga, yep I'm still on that potion
All these random niggas fake as fuck and I'm stil gettin' noticed
God damn man, how we s'posed to handle this shit, cuh
Everything we done built these niggas dismantled this shit, cuh
We gotta get back to that real, that's on the dub
Another lesson from your uncle Snoop, what what what?

[Dr. Dre (Marsha Ambrosius):]
(I'm just stating the facts
Don't get no realer than that
Satisfiction, attention, listen, play your position, player)
Shouldn't be too hard my nigga
Supposed to be like a lay up
It shouldn't be so hard to be yourself
My nigga wake up
Stay up, pay up, straight up, cake up
Thats what I'm made of, high? Yup
My life is all authentic, that's why I'm goin' way up
Your satisfaction is fictitious, your happiness is made up

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction
Satisfiction
Satisfiction



[Anderson .Paak:]
These old sneakers, faded blue jeans
No tricks no gimmicks, I be stomping down down down down down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree, the upper class hate
Middle don't exist, the bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad, laying in a ditch
I be stomping down demons, stomping down quick, come on

[Anderson .Paak:]
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up, come on

[Anderson .Paak:]
Bullets still ringing, blood on the cement
Black folks grieving, headlines reading
Tryna pay it no mind, you just living your life
Everyone is a witness, everyone got opinions
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear but I'm holding him tight
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear but I'm holding him tight

[Dr. Dre:]
Damn, why the fuck are they after me?
Maybe cause I'm a bastard
Or maybe cause of the way my hair grow naturally
Still tryna figure out, why the fuck I'm full of rage
I think I know this is bullshit right around the fifth grade
Paraphernalia in my locker right next to the switch blade
Nothing but pussy on my mind and some plans of getting paid (Ay)
But I'm a product of the system raised on government aid
And I knew just how to react when it was time for that raid (whoa)
Just a young black man from Compton wondering who could save us
And could barely read the sentences the justice system gave us
So many rental cars with bricks, I think they probably funded Avis
Some of us was unbalanced but some us used our talents
Not all of us criminals but cops be yelling, "Stay back nigga!"
We need a little bit of payback
Don't treat me like an animal cause all this shit is flammable
Don't fuck around cause when it's done it's done
(Fuck you!)

[Anderson .Paak:]
And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And the white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain

[Anderson .Paak:]
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up, come on
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up, come on

[Anderson .Paak:]
These old sneakers, faded blue jeans
No tricks no gimmicks, I be stomping down down down down down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree, the upper class hate
Middle don't exist, the bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad, laying in a ditch
I be stomping down demons, stomping down quick, come on

[Anderson .Paak:]
And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And the white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain

[Anderson .Paak:]
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up, come on
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up, come on

[DJ Premier:]
Yeah, this is DJ motherfuckin' Premier
And I'm Dr. Dre (Dr. Dre)
What, Premo!
Yeah we fuckin' shit up
No, we don't play no games here
Mother fucker please!
Aftermath
One of the reasons that me and you click
We don't lose, I always win
Let's face it you basic boy
For realer
Professional winners
For realer



Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah, about that...)

[Candice Pillay:]
Don't let me find out, the bitch in you
Don't let me find out, the snitch in you

[Candice Pillay:]
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these
In the morning,
Overdose,
And kill yourself
Doctor's orders

[Dr. Dre:]
Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit over saturated, y'all can get evacuated
Kids sipping Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the internet, stuck in place, salivating
Ain't nobody graduating
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it
That's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
Damn I'm getting aggravated, fuck, I'm getting agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fucking schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen acting twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four acting half they ages
Somebody tell me, what the fuck is going on?
These niggas in tight shit, I'm in the fucking Matrix
It's looking like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fuckin' greatest
I got all these patients man, how come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money, why?
When I can't take it with me
Y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
They gon' find out who you are, just admit 'fore you get admitted

[Anderson.Paak:]
Say, what you living about
Fuck you gon' tell me
Do you remember how you started out though
You looking lost now
(You want a pass, oh damn)
Fake it 'til you make it
Take your little paper book
When you look in the mirror your credibility's gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who I'm not
That's word to doc

[Candice Pillay:]
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these
In the morning,
Overdose
And kill yourself

[Eminem (Candice Pillay):]
In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem
I was this good, scoffed, I just shook off
Probably reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended, see how plain it was now, they want me to jet
No one really gave a fuck about my descent, 'till I took off
Mistook me because I look soft
But I stood tall, I just follow the (Doctor's orders)
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what I'm 'posed to do alls
I did was say what I'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fucking goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karma's headed for Armageddon, the drama setter
I'm going in, already got an arm and head
And whoever said words are just words
Can't hurt me more than I give a fuck
Even if my image ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned
In this bitch and whatever bitches feel like
They didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse, it's worth it
So Doc turn the beat on, whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's to all the years I spent toeing a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind, in my mind
I'm still underground as a groundhog and I'm a go for mine
Like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
I'm starting to slow and these lines full of nines
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign, been a (Doctor's)
Assault rifle with the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one, set with the blasters, give me the orders, I spray uh
Pain in the ass and get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there ain't none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waiting on someone to say something
Dre make the bass bump and let the tape run for old time's sake
I spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment you're waiting for has come but...

[Candice Pillay:]
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these in
The morning, overdose,
And kill yourself
Doctor's orders

[Candice Pillay:]
Doctor's orders
Doctor's orders



I just need y'all to try to bear with me for a minute
While I talk about the pages of my diary
Listen up

I remember when I got started my intention was to win
But a lot of shit changed since then
Some more friends became enemies in the quest of victory
But I made a vow, never let this shit get to me
I let it pass, so I consider that part of my history
And I'm strong; financially, physically
Mentally I'm on a whole 'nother level
And don't forget that I came from the ghetto
Sold a new house for my moms, that's special
I let you going shopping till your feet get tired
Then a new Benz just for you to ride in
When I didn't have it, you provided
Don't be surprised that I built an enterprise
And my house got a view of the city like a highrise
I'm just talking to my diary, I'm just talking to my diary

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary

Now puff-puff-pass got a nigga having flashbacks
I remember how it used to be
Now my money like NASDAQ, my checks you can cash that
I remember how it used to be

I used to be a starving artist so I would never starve an artist
This is my passion, it's where my heart is
It gets the hardest when I think about the dearly departed
Like the nigga I started with
I know Eazy can see me now, looking down through the clouds
And regardless, I know my nigga still proud
It's been a while since we spoke but you still my folks
We used to sit back, laugh and joke
Now I remember when we used to do all-nighters
You in the booth and Cube in the corner writing
Where Ren at? Shout out to my nigga Yella
Damn, I miss that
Shit, a nigga having flashbacks

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary



(I can feel it)

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (it's still 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 

[Verse One: Dr. Dre]

Niggers that I used to know and sell dope wit'
Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit,
And let me know what's up and they can blast on,
Thinkin' about the homeys that passed on.
Death Row come to show you all the game at,
And show you how my label got the name that
So many wanna see me, and time is money,
But never in the P-E-N, yo.
Welcome back to Viet Nam, California.
Ain't a damn thing changed, so let me warn you.
Every motherfuckin minute you on the West Side,
The best side, 20 niggers that just died.
Walkin' down the streets of L.A.
Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day, yo
The 1-8-7 don't stop, on undercover cops,
So on this spot gettin' popped, shot,
Droppin' like this and like that,
Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back.
So creep when you in the C-P-T.
You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D-R-E.
I got my eyes on the shit unfolding.
And there ain't gonna be no trippin'
Cause they know the type of shit that I be holding.
If there's another word said,
I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head, nigga. 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1,
Head away, sent away, get away Snoop's got a gun,
And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86
Now it's time to put they ass in the mix.
Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars,
Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar.
Scared as a motherfucker, cause I'm fresh out,
But I got to make my green, and plus they all fiend
Follow me, they keep yellin' murder, but it won't stop,
Until the last nigga that you know drop.
Another nigga out, but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about.
Now, 99 pigs on a block with me,
Not a motherfuckin' cop wanna knock with me,
A C-O-N-V-I-C-T, the motherfuckin' D-O-G, comin' from the L-B-C.
Look at what the doc brought in,
A chrome 38, a Fo'ty-fo' mag, and mack 10
So what you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
so if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 

[Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Splat to a motherfucker face, he fall.
Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl.
I guess I gots to load the glock again.
Hit 'im with the hollow points and watch him spin.
Fuck it, I had to do this quick.
Grabbed the glock 17, the clip went click.
Tried to detect, but did not detect perfect
So I creep on that ass, pops him and drops him.
That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks,
Dead in his tracks, from a full six pack.
Relax, cause I'm about to take my respect.
I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck.
Boo-yaa! Boo-yaa! then I fade into the wind.
1-8-7 and it's on again.
Well it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on,
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome
And it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on,
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome.
Fuck 'em, buck 'em, if they really wanna trip,
Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin' shit. 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)



[Jeremih:]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (Badder)
You're gonna get wetter (Wetter)
We gon' take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fuckin' like we in love, we be fuckin' like we in love)

[Dr. Dre:]
Yeah, she got that shit that make you kill a nigga
Crack that last bottle, I'll kill it wit' you
Pour my feelings out and spill it wit' you
That's a no-no, but what he don't know
Never hurt him, so just desert him
I find it hard to believe that he ain't pullin' your weave
No, I'm kiddin', I'm knowin' my dick is different
He kept his distance, I kept comin' over and stayed persistent
You bitin' your lips, toes twitchin' and she crinchin'
Steamin' up the bathroom 'til we left it a sauna
I beat it up and now you usin' my tee as pajamas
Your friends tried to warn you about me, even your mama
But you said you'd deal with the consequence, even if it was karma
But how can I complain when you give me insane brain?
Like you graduated wit' honors, your probably hate that I'm honest
But, fuck it, I'm goin' all out
You should too, good things don't last forever, I thought you knew

[Hook:]
Tonight, we're gonna get badder (Badder)
You're gonna get wetter (Wetter)
We gon' take our time
Not tomorrow, no, tonight, we'll love
(Fuckin' like we in love, we be fuckin' like we in love)

Now don't you no worry 'bout that
Whatever you want, I'm on that
So don't hesitate, girl, when you lonely
Baby, don't worry, we know that I got you

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Now here we go again, from the bed to the floor again
I hear your phone on vibrate and I know it's him
But that's what happens when that kitty's in the lion's den
You start lyin' and changin' places
You might've been, I might've been too aggressive
But it was far from desperate
I mean, the swagger I got, just know it's half the effort
They tryin' to toot my horn
But, shit, I sworn that I swarmed up in it, stamped and fingerprint it
Left the coupe tinted when you played the passenger
Don't be passin' up 'til we finish
What we started, you wit' it? I'm wit' it
Then lay your seat way back like it was vintage
While I hit the highway and slowly puff on this spinach
Camouflage emotions got your feelings wide open
I'm hopin' you come to grips at least before you provoke 'em to trip
But that's inevitable, and if I put you on a pedestal
That means I'm fuckin' you on the chair

[Hook]

Know that I got you 'bout they thinkin' out you
I want to stop and I don't want you to stop that
Ow, we in a phase, oh, I can't wait
Cause waters don't label you, oh, no, no
I'm from, came from the bottom, so just get on top of that
How 'bout wit' the top back wit' your top back?
Take that, uh, ooh, ooh, break that off more, more

[Hook]



[Intro: Kurupt]

Check it out
Here's a penny for your thoughts 
A nicklebag of bliss
An M-16 with eighteen clips
I'm all set to bust, treacherous
Illustrious, homie don't question us 

Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question, nigga
How many niggaz can I blast on sight? 

[Verse One: Kurupt]

I'm ferocious, and you knows this nigga
Bitches wear skirts, shake ass and bump
I pop pistols, that's all I do
I pop one at him and pop two at you
I'm illusive, I'ma glock it
Pistol popping activist with the key to the bucket
I rip your pockets of the side of your pants
You glare to the side and you glance, I'm in my G-Boy stance
How the fuck you make it this far?
No matter where you at, or who you are
People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar
I hear ooh's and aah's when I jumps in my car
Just from last night you can tell
that I'm addicted to the fast life
Shouts out to my homeboys Mad and Quell
You go on and fuck Misty, while I fuck Michelle 

[Chorus: Kurupt]

Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
(Girl: Is it cool to ride) or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 

[Verse Two: Kurupt]

What you wanna do, penetrate me?
Bump my crib? Bust and fuck my bitch, nigga?
I never thought a nigga would trip
off a little piece of ass that he know he could get
Any day (any day) and any time (any time)
You'se a vegetarian (what?), I like beef, turkey and pork
Fish and chips, chips and dip
Fuck it, hand me my knife and my fork
I'm not too picky nigga, Kurupt young Gotti
A.K.A. Low Ricky nigga (what up momma?)
Substantialar, tyrannosaurus, gigantic titanic tarantula.
On a creep homie, wake up
Don't sleep homie, supposed to know it
Look, I'm hazardous to health, nigga, bitch, nigga
Don't ask me shit 'till you ask yourself 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre & Kurupt]

Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
(Girl: Is it cool to ride) or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 

[Verse Three: Dr. Dre]

What the fuck is up? Man life's a bitch
You gotta put your pistol to the sky,
kill a million motherfuckers and get high in order to be cool
Man, you'se a motherfucking fool (speak to these niggaz)
I thought the same way, back in the days
Young, with a lack on daily things
Never thought too much, homie, never trip
I got drunk as fuck, the homies blaze sticks
Look out for them niggaz out to catch us
So I'ma stay forgetting to tank your pistol with you (your pistol nigga)
Niggaz get swallowed in the game
I cock and bust hollows to peer, duck and frame
Yo nigga, that shit sounds like I did it
Don't blaze the ??? without the top bullet
Niggaz look like they're doped up like tired bitches
With the eyes wide gone you spit the hard boom
Wiping shit the fuck out like typhoons
With the little homeboys, T-bone and cartoons
Motherfucker don't ask me for shit
Fuck everything you believe in, little bitch 

[Chorus: Kurupt]

Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
(Girl: Is it cool to ride) or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 

What, what?



[Verse 1 - Justus & Dr. Dre:]
They've been wondering if I'm gonna show
Shit you already know-ow-ow-ow
Where you been? where you at? where you headed?
This shit started to disappear oh no, no
I'm right here, yeah, take this shit right back to the basics
Sound like I'm right back in the basement
Tryna to put my neighborhood on
Six in the morning, six in the morning
Until six in the morning, best believe I'm on it
Man I'm working so hard
When the check hit the bank, shit, I ain't even notice
I live in the future, I'm blind to the moment
I, I, you ain't gotta stay
Oh you ain't gotta stay around we own it

[Verse 2 - Dr. Dre:]
I remember when I was young just a front runner
I was fucking with them drums like every summer
Homie couldn't make it out the hood, make a nigga wonder
But I couldn't let Compton take a nigga under
No way, no how, can't stop
Had, bigger dreams for this hip-hop
I'm happy, it was music and not Ziplocs
And now we, bringing crowds like it's woodstock
I might as well wipe down the crown I done put up in the attic
I don't play around, lotta niggas coming through the door
Not too many stay around
Lot of artists made it yeah
God damn man I made a sound
Oh you ain't never seen a legend do it?
Hold up homie wait around
I've been on the verge since a nigga put it down
If we talking numbers, fuck Billboard charts
Putting for start with the bank accounts

[Chorus - Victoria Monet & Dr. Dre:]
I've been away
But I think I'm doing better
Anything you do can't impress us
I won't let up on it
What are you gonna say
And I think because they hate us
And the fact that they can't break us
I will never let up
I'm going, yeah I'm going
Best believe I'm going
I'm going back
It's time to get back to business

[Verse 3 - T.I.:]
This shit realer than rap
Somewhere trapped where you can find me at
Got thirteen in my strap
And I kick it, do it with me whatever town we at
I'm killing these niggas was never feeling these niggas
Went from a million to ten figures I grow
Getting back to the business in the back of a Bentley
I'm thinking damn how far can I go
Well, if my nigga Dre can get a bill
It let me know that there's hope for a nigga still
And many more showing love for my art form
When the ATL the trap shit was on board
Give a raw nigga money when they let me in
If it wasn't for me they would have let me sit
Explanation for all the demolition we did
I'm grinding handling my business nigga

[Bridge - Sly Piper:]
How many miles in the air
One million I'm stacking up this paper
Up up and away-er
One way ticket to the ozone layer
Don't you wanna roll where there ain't no head room
Take it to another atmosphere

[Outro - Sly Piper:]
Smoke this, smoke this
Roll it up, roll it up, get a lighter
Smoke this
Roll it up, roll it up, get a lighter
Another atmosphere
I can change your atmosphere
Get a girl for my Johnson
Roll it up, smoke this
Break it down, roll it up, get a lighter
Smoke this, roll it up, get a lighter
I can change your atmosphere
Smoke this



(Super ugly!)

Put your cups up, get your smoke in
Baby, we partyin, ain't nobody loc'n
Who you provokin, what you want now?
Take a look around, it's pimp shit goin down
It's a lot of bitches, a whole lot of freaks
Top notch hoes, they flock in every week
What you wan' do, get your next thrill
Take an X pill, how the sex feel?
Damn you lookin good, all ten of y'all
Wwanna roll (yeaaah!), I'm dickin y'all
Keep your face down (ooh), keep your ass up (ohhh)
You know what your doin (ooooh), keep that shit movin (yeah)
Keep them titties jumpin, keep the Henny comin
Every bitch in here need to be touchin somethin
I know they like it hot, that's why I keep it hot
So how the fuck could they not want a piece of Doc?

[Chorus: Knoc-turn'al]
I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm just drinkin, smokin, straight west-coastin
Bitches puttin ass in motion, pussy poppin, sex promotin
Got a car? [Raise it up]
Got a blunt? [Blaze it up]
That's your bitch? [On these nuts]
Really I don't...[Give a fuck]
All I really know your hoe wants to be with me and she ain't playin
And what I'm sayin (she creams with me)
And screams between the sheets

Soon as the door close
I make 'em curl toes, they all wanna get chose
We never love y'all, my niggas all macks
We sip a lot of Yak, fuck and never call back
Pack women in the club until it's pitch black
Thugs on their block wonderin where their bitch at
Where you think nigga? She with the Aftermath
Called her house, she ain't home, she with Aftermath
No talkin, fuck how your day go
You want dick (yeeeaah!), will bitch say so
Don't be shy now, probably the best at it
They say a party ain't a party until the west at it
Gravitate to the Doc like it's automatic
Take your clothes off, make me wanna grab it
Turn around with it, make me wanna stab it (yeaah)
Time to get it crackin, show me them bad habits (oooh)

[Chorus]

When she's all alone she sneaks out to be with me
And what I'm sayin is she ain't playin (she creams with me)
And sleeps between the sheets

Yeah, Aftermath, Doc Dre, 5-star surgeon general (yeaaah!)
Nocturnal, L.A. Confidential (yeaaah!)
What up Infinite, Mohagony droppin the instrumental (yeaaah!)
Do the math, Aftermath gets the last laugh (yeaaah!)



California love! 

[1]-California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! 

[Verse One: Dr. Dre]

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west 
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest 
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat 
the state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens 
lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes 
ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me 
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay 
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way 
Dre puttin it down for 
Californ-i-a
[repeat 1]

[2]-Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it... 

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
the life of a west side playa where cowards die
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide 
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrands
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side 
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say 
But give me that bomb beat from Dre 
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown 
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!
[rpt 1]

[dre] now make it shake... 

[rpt 2]

[Outro: Dre, 2Pac]

uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
[Tupac] hey, you know LA is up in this 
Pasadina, where you at
yeah, Ingelwood, Ingelwood always up to no good
[Tupac] even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah 

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side 

yeah, That's riight
west coast, west coast
uh, California Love
California Love



[Verse One: Dr. Dre] 

Tonight's the night I get in some shit, (Yeah)
Deep cover on the incognito tip.
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to, 
Peelin' caps too, cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you.
I guess thats part of the game,
But I feel for the nigger who thinks he just gonna come and chance things
With the swiftness, so get it right, with the quickness,
And let me handle my business, yo.
I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigger maxin at the top.
I hope you get his ass before he drops.
Kingpin kickin back while his workers sling his rocks.
Coming up like a fat rat.
Big money, big cars, big body guards on his back.
So it's difficult to get him.
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with 
him.
Hit him like this and like that, 
Let 'em know that I'll make it for a big fat dope sack
What is this pen? so let's rush it.
If you want to handle it tonight we'll discuss it 
On the nigga's time, in the nigga's place,
Take a strap just in case one of his boys recognise my face.
Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker,
But I gives a fuck, cause I'm going deep cover. 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop)

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Creep with me as I crawl through the hood,
Maniac, lunatic, call 'em Snoop Eastwood
Kickin dust as I bust fuck peace
And, the mothafuckin drug police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre, (whatup, Snoop) yo I got the feelin
Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin
Killin, feelin, no remorse, yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked ass cops that be gettin niggaz a gang of times
And now they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at 7:00, so whassup nigger?
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
so if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop) 

[Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Six fo' five was the time on the clock,
When me and my homey bailed in the parking lot.
The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up
Better not be, cause if it is, they're getting lit up.
Oh here they come from the back and they laxed.
I'm checkin for the gats they strap, so whats up black?
Chill, lets hit a deal, 
if it aint up to what you feel then grab your steel.
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip.
Cause you can save that shit. Guess what they told me?
'We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey,
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush,
Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us."
Hmmm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I shot 
it:
'If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah, I'm lettin' my gat pop'
Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop

[Chorus: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]

Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop (cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop)



[Hook: Eminem]
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight

[Verse 1: Dr Dre]
My life is like a highlight reel
Some might consider this my twilight but depending how I might feel
I might continue on with my career for 5 light years
Critics can fly kites here?
Welcome to my nightmare
Pressures on, blood pressure racing
I calculate my next step, pacin'
Don't know if I'll meet expectations
All I know is the World better get set
Dre's in effect
Been in it since you had cassette decks taping
I'm sick

[Hook: Eminem]
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight

[Verse 2: Dr Dre]
It's on, blood pressure racing
I calculate my next step which is to accept my expectations
They're soaring too high to meet, my reputations in jep'
Yep, face it, the fans they've been upset yet patient, I love 'em for that

[Hook: Eminem]
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight



[Ice-T] I got juice but I can't stop no ocean liner baby!
[Ras] I'm down with you baby, I'm there
[Ice-T] Man don't miss this it's gonna be FABULOUS
...
[Ras] We ghetto fabulous baby
The best food, drink, and women that money can buy 

[Verse One: Ras Kass]

Every day of my life is off the ringer
That's guaranteed, like a fistfight on Jerry Springer
I got the hottest flow to hit the street since lava
so holla, we all hustle for dollar dollars
From Sac to Houston, New Orleans to D.C.
*girls laughing* to beep beep
Bangin, catch me with a dimepiece next to me
My Body all over Your Body like LSG
Neighborhood celeb with the keys to my city like the mayor
Rookies askin us how to be a playa
Get in where you fit in, and never get your ghetto pass revoked
No matter how much money you make
Stay true to the game loc, guest list terror clothes
in jeans and tennis shoes, breakin your strict dress codes
Spit lyrical bricks, thirteen deep
so I can be richer than Master P sellin Ghetto D 

[Chorus: Mack 10]

Ghetto, fabulous
Money make the world go round so let's handle this
Ghetto, fabulous
Broadcastin live from Los Angeles
We ghetto, fabulous
Money make the world go round so let's handle this
Ghetto, fabulous
Broadcastin live from Los Angeles 

[Verse Two: Dr. Dre]

You ain't heard of me, you ain't listenin hard enough
Started in Compton servin from a ice cream truck
Now ten years later whippin a custom Navigator
Steppin on your toes playa, stuffin up your alligators
I'm ghetto, like Newport cigarettes, feel me
Boom bap and slap that ass silly
This is for the full time students slash part time strippers
And young niggaz, clockin at least five figures
Some of us pro atheletes, some of us rap over fat beats
Some of us hustle in the streets
Twenty deep in Club Nikki's so you know we gots to mingle
[???] off a pocket full of singles, huh
And it's all bueno, musical mafia like Frank Sinatra
Pop a thirteen shot glock to make you Go See the Doctor
Ain't nuttin nice
From hood to hood, love livin the lavish life 

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Ras Kass]

Nigga Stu-B-Doo in the GS, three ooh ooh
Playin number two Tekken, zero to sixty
in six point seven seconds [tires screech] hangin out the window
actin up, chickenheads like "You doin fo' months!"
Flexin the Rolex oyster perpetual, thirty-five diamonds
across the face, still eatin out foam cups and paper plates
We don't call it playa hatin in the nine-eight, it's P.I.
That's pass intereference, automatic first down
Want Juice like Tupac, then Obey Your Thirst clown
Be in the PJ's in NY, rockin DK
Mix EJ with OJ, OK, we say
"L.A. niggaz got crazy came
like John Elway got a superbowl ring"
The homies down for whatever, we stack the chedda
Swiss bank accounts, and mo' mozzarella fella 

[Chorus]



[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life

[Eminem:]
I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back
But I donít even know if I believe it when Iím sayin' that
Doubts startin' to creep in, every day it's just so grey and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that, 'cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for ëem, they just say it's wack, but they donít know what dope is
And I donít know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you
But for the life of me, I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son, demons fighting you, itís dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin' mic
Or you gon' hug me, but I'm outta options, there's nothin' else I can do 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life

[Eminem:]
It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas
You say they're just pieces, so Iím puzzled, 'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you're either gettin' lazy or you donít believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision you keep questionin' yourself
Second guessin' and it's almost like your beggin' for my help
Like Iím your leader, you're supposed to fuckin' be my mentor
I can endure no more I demand you remember who you are
It was YOU, who believed in me when everyone was tellin'
You don't sign me, everyone at the fuckin' label, let's tell the truth
You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy, Dre, Iím cryin' in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe it's my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't givin' up faith and you ain't givin' up on me
Get up Dre I'm dyin', I need you, come back for fuckís sake, 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life

(I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life)

[Dr Dre:]
It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
They said they was ridin' to the death, but where the fuck are they now?
Now that I need them, I don't see none of them
All I see is Slim, fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
Fuckin' backstabbers, when the chips were down you just laughed at us
Now you bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath, faggots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
And the crackers' ass, little cracker jack beat
Makin' wack math, backwards producers, I'm back bastards
One more CD and then Iím packin' up my bags and as Iím leavin'
Iíll guarantee they scream, "Dre, donít leave us like that man!" 'cause

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long, Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor to bring me back to life



[Intro:]

Yeah, whattup, this is Dr. Dre
The party's goin on
Thank God it's Friday 

"Buck buck buck buck booyaka shan!" - KRS One" [repeat 4X] 

[Chorus:]

Keep their headz ringin (ding ding dong ring-gading ding ding dong) 
[repeat 2X]

[Verse One:]

(Hey you, sittin over there) Say what?
(You better get up out of your chair) That's right
(And work your body down) Yeahhh...
(No time to funk around, cause we gon....)
Funk, you, right on up
So get up, get a move on, and get your groove on
It's the D-R-E the spectacular
In a party I go for your neck so call me Blackula
As I drain a niggaz jugular vein
and maintain to leave blood stains so don't complain
Just chill, listen to the beats I spill
Keepin it real, enables me to make another meal
Still, niggaz run up and try to kill at will
But get popped like a pimple, so call me Clearasil
I wipe niggaz off the face of the Earth since birth
I been a bad nigga, now let me tell you what I'm worth
More than a Stealth bomber, I cause drama
The enforcer, music flows like a flying saucer
Or a 747 jet, never forget
I'm that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet
The mic gets smoked, once you hear the beat kick
With grooves so funky, they come with a Speed Stick
So check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep their motherfuckin headz ringin 

[Chorus]

[Verse Two:]

One-two for the crew, three-fo' for the dough
Five for the hoe, six-seven-eight for Death Row
Mad niggaz about to feel the full effect of intellect
So I can collect respect, plus a check
Now I fin' to, get into to, my mental
will take care of this business I need to attend to, cuz my rent's due
And this rap shit's my meal ticket
So you god damn right I'm gonna kick it, or get evicted
I bring terror like Stephen King
A black Casanova, runnin niggaz over like Christine
When I rock the spot with the flavor I got
I kick plenty of ass, so call me an astronaut
As I blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong
But I smoke him like grass, just like Cheech and Chong
When I flow, niggaz know, it's time to take a hike
Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke
I got rhymes to keep you enchanted
Produce a smokesscreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
So check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep their motherfuckin headz ringin 

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]

Debonairre with flair, I scare wear and tear
without a care, runnin shit as if I was a mayor
But I ain't no politician, no competition
Sendin all opposition to see a mortician
I'm up front, never in the back drop
Step on stage and get faded just like a flat top
Your rhyme sounds like you bought em at Stop N Go
Dre came to wax you so, just call me Mop N Glow
Many tried to, but just can't rock with
I'm 6-1, 225, a pure chocolate
Your chances of jackin me are slim G
Cause I rock from summer til Santa comes down the chimney
Ho ho ho, and so, as I continue to flow
Cause yo, I'm just a fly negro
So, check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep their motherfuckin headz ringin 

[Chorus]



[Hook]
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

[Dr Dre]
Now what's that puff puff pass shit
That Cheech and Chong grass shit
Blunts to the head, kush pillows, no mattress
Speed boat traffic, bitches automatic
Cross that line, fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking malasis
Probably won't pass it, smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask him bitches, bout "how I be smokin' out"
Party all night, yea its goin' down
Order rounds, we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
Oh, yeah we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga, better than my last batch, caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale,

[Akon]
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Take a whiff of this suicide
Holla at me cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy, holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

[Timbaland]
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

[Snoop Dogg]
Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Back throw, back still, a half pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at, smokin' presidential
Got some bubba, I give me that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes, and I'm the pimp, in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact, they all know, this ain't Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it ain't no seeds in my sack
You ain't never gotta ask dawg
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low, I'm blown
High as a motherfucker, ain't no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out, yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie,
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted

Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

[Akon]
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Take a whiff of this suicide
Holla at me cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy, holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

Ain't that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no joke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
Cause what you got in yo sack boy, it ain't that
Ain't that Kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no joke
Make yo ass choke

(Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)



[Hook]
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

[Dr Dre]
Now this that puff puff pass shit
That Cheech and Chong glass shit
Blunts to the head, kush spillin' no mattress
Speed boat traffic, bitches automatic
Cross that line, fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking malasis
Probably won't pass it, smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask him bitches, bout "how I be smokin' out"
Party all night, yea its goin' down
Order rounds, we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
O yea we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga, better than my last batch, caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale,

[Akon]
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me cuz I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
Quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy, holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some beats up in it
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some beats up in it

[Snoop Dogg]
Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Backthrow, back still, I have a pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at, smokin' presidential
Got some bubba, I give me that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes, and I'm the pimp, in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact, they a know, this aint Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it aint no seeds in my sack
You aint never gottta ask dawg
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low, I'm blown
High as a muthafucka, aint no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out, yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie,
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted

Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

[Akon]
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me cuz I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
Quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy, holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

We get that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
Cuz what you got in yo sack boy, it aint that
Aint that Kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke

(Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)

[Game]
Niggas put my face on the milk carton, take the shit off
Cause I've been home with the kids instead of breaking shit off
I'm asthmatic, aftermath-matic, Dre want me in the booth
The room better be padded cause I'm Loko
Psychotic, six hundred wide body
Lost a couple mill last year, but why cry about it
Westside got a nigga back so I throw my dubs up,
Never leave without my strap, it's like that
Got palm tree's, we comin' through on three's
The A-F-T-E-R-M-A-T-H nigga we got a army
Aftermath general, one love to fifty
Aint seen him in a minute yo, used to be my nigga yo
Money changed niggas, but we the same niggas
Add fuel to the fire, that makes the flame bigger
But sometimes ego's clash with dessert eagles
And I stayed loyal to the city where the weed grow (compton)

(Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)



[Intro: Jewell]

Uh no, ride with me, ooh babe
Uh no, ride with me, oh yeah
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row 

[Verse One: Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Creepin down the back street on Deez
I got my Glock cocked cuz niggas want these
Now soon as I said it
seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a Tek 9
tryin ta take mine
ya wanna make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggas comin like the Gotti boys
bodies bein found on Greenleaf
with their fuckin heads cut off
Motherfucker I'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play
day-by-day
rollin in my '4 with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
clockin all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by
Cuz I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E
from the CPT
on a rhymin spree
a straight G
Hop back as I pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to
POP POP POP
yeah
cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse
go back and take another stop
cuz I'm 

Rollin down the motherfuckin backstreets
wit my drink and my cup and my strap in my lap, see
Ain't nothin but the G Funk, bumpin in my ????
Hell yeah 

[Dre] With all the niggas sayin 

[Chorus: Jewell]

So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah)
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
(with all the niggas sayin)
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah)
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row! 

[Verse Two: Dre, Snoop]

Just another motherfuckin day for Dre
so I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists
It's just that gangster glare
with gangsta raps
that gangsta shit
makes a gang of snaps
Uhh, word to the motherfuckin streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats
that I hit ya with
that I get ya with
as I groove in my '4 on Deez
hittin the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Remy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
Cuz my '4 on hit
pancake front and back, side to side
and all that shit
so when I crawl I comes correct
now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
as I dip a nigga trip to the south side
yeah 

Right back up in you it's the D-R-E
Witta ounce as we bounce thru the CPT
Diamond in the back, gators on the wheels
This is strictly for my bitches, now we're hittin in switches
Niggas gettin jealous cuz hos be on our dick
But Dre don't give a fuck and I don't give a shit
So the '4 won't blow
stoppin by the spot to get some indo 

[Dre] With all the motherfuckin bitches sayin 

[Chorus: Jewell]

So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah)
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
(with all the motherfuckin bitches sayin)
So many people wanna ride with me (check this out)
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me ( No hell yeah!)
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row! 

[Verse Three: Dat Nigga Daz]

It's like Long Beach, Compton, LA and Wotts
I come thru beatin down your block wit a million-plus watts
I burn double peelout, check it out, it's me now
it's young Daz from the pad, homie, watch me skee'd out
I'm on a mission to mission with tha time for the streets
Me and my homeboys clownin we be bouncin to the beat
I come thru rattlin and shakin plus I break down walls
Me and my doggs ain't breakin no law
Put the ???? in the verse, took a sip for the thirst
Swervin by the curb while blazin the 'erb, nickel bird
She got my sounds, the way I floss throughout the town
Me and my partners from the Row, partners from the Pound
Big Style, Joe Coomey and Snoop, Nate and Kurupt
Tray Deee, Technique, BadAss and Doggystyle
Put it work, day and night, night and day, but any day (hell yeah)
you come around the way you won't live the next day
Check it out! 

[Chorus: Jewell]

So many people wanna ride with me (with everybody sayin)
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me (hell yeah)
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
So many people wanna ride with me (Yeah)
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row! (you wanna ride?) 

[Outro: Dre, (Daz)]

I said swing down sweet chariot stop and, (what? what?) let me ride
(Cuz you're rollin with the Row!)
Swing down (word) sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Yeah ha ha
Yeah (check it out), you wanna ride with me
Uh, wit everybody sayin
(Wit all my niggas with the humps and the bumps in the truck)
(They keep on fuckin with niggas rollin down) Uh (What you want?)
KnowI'msayin? (Come on let me ride, come on nigga let me ride)
Uh uh, (Feelin good like ya should) ass
(Homie what you're doin) Grass
(When you're up to no good) A gas
(doin what you're feelin, let me ride) Nobody rides free
(let me ride) Hell yeah
(Doin what you're feelin, ya cold chillin)
(Doin what you want, top billin)
(Motherfucker) KnowhutI'msayin? (let'cha ride) huh huh huh huh
(I let'cha ride) yeah, you wanna ride?



The Ghetto [8x] 

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Wake up, jumped out my bed
I'm in a two man cell with my homie Lil' 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder can you save me?
I'm only eighteen, so I'm a young buck
It's a ride, if I don't scrap, I'm gettin' stuck
But that's the life of G, I guess
Ese's way deep, shanked two in the chest
Best run cause brothers is droppin' quicker
Ugn, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncin' off the walls, throwin' them dogs
Gettin' that rep as a young hog
It ain't nothin' like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank
Cause ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time 

[Chorus:]

We run game in the ghetto
We gets high in the ghetto
We gets shot in the ghetto
You might get stuck in the ghetto
Lil' Ghetto Boy 

[Dr. Dre]
Now I'm holdin' the dub, sittin' on swoll
Twenty-seven years old, up for parole, stroll
I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That I be makin' soon as I touch them streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
But it ain't no thang to me
Cause now I'm what they call a loced ass O.G.
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set trip
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so whatcha wanna do?
Didn't know he had a twenty-two
Straight sittin' behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get (for what?)
For tryin' to jack the little homies for they grip 

[Chorus]

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Somethin' for the real O.G.'s to get with
Some facts made our made
Now you runnin' but I'm played
Like every single day, really doe
You know me, I'm the smooth macadamian
Gamin'em for my homie
No need in be uncalm, if you pack right
And learnin' just enough to keep your sack tight
Late nights, I wonder what they get in for?
Early mornin' on the corners, what they hittin' for?
Seven young G's put they serve down
In a G ride, Eastside's where they swerve now
Not thinkin' about what's really goin' on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone
I spent four years in the county
With nothin' but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
Cause you's a hustlin' ass youngsta, clockin' your grip 

[Chorus]

Lil' Ghetto Boy 

That's the life of a G, I guess
The ghetto [3x]

That's the life of a G
That's the life of a G, I guess
The ghetto [3x]

That's the life of a G. The ghetto
That's the life of a G, I guess
The ghetto



[Sly]
Take a little bit of Henessey, and mix it with some syrup
Put ya hands up if you crazy enough to get fucked up in church

[Nikki Grier]
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive

[Dr. Dre]
Thank you for bein patient, I got ya application
I know you been waitin to see the-

Doctor!

Here it is, here I am
Here it is, here I am
Yes, yo ? is right back up in the scene,
Yes, my dope is so methamphetamine
Yes, it's coke I've laced inside every beat
Shit, I'm tryna get ya high
You been sittin in the waitin room far too long
Too late for- ay, ay, you're far too gone
I know you can't take these awful songs
Like a punk full of bullshit
Nigga hell nah
They want some real shit
They want the real
Relax, I got you
Good thing I had a couple hundred tums layin around
Nigga dispenseries, servin by the pound
Back in business, bigger than we ever was
It's aftermath nigga, you know you heard of us
We're leavin narcotics on every note
We just struttin the streets, like when the levis broke (?)
I got the antidote
I got ya hands goin up and down
You done fucked up now
But it's hard to go back to that bullshit
And whatever's on the bar, Dr is gonna push it

[Hook - Sly]
You can be my patient
I'm operatin all night
You can be my patient
Man I'm tryna fuck
All night

You can be my patient
I'm operatin all night
You can be my patient
Man I'm tryna fuck
All night

[Sly]
I beat that boom boom
Down like your knees are
Legs spread out, like I'm mixin a ?
Sex contest?
There ain't no competitor
Looks like it's too late to get ya girl
Now, cause now what?
Now she's my girl
Now you ain't gotta go round no more
Fo sho!
The doctor's operatin on the flo

[Nikki Grier]
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive



[Verse 1 - Dr. Dre:]
Red bottoms on a red head
Fake molly, fair body
We get it popping when she at her best
Cause it's a party when she bout it
Shots dropping now she out her dress
And girls coming out the closet
A superstar on some private shit

[Verse 2 - Sly Piper:]
Make a promise not to tell nobody
If she hot enough to get it, well get it girl
You know what it is, I don't get offended girl
Mmm, mmm
Come and kick it with a player, enjoy your world
You better open up, let me hit it and join your world
Like the ceiling, reveal it before I kill it
She tried to go and tell the city I loved her but no, I didn't
Fuck nigga no I didn't, get comfortable doe eye dipping
Then wonder what she was feeling
Her number does not exist in my phone, and I overlooked her
Her friends were looking me over
And I ain't got time for nothing
But you to come out them clothes and get naked

[Chorus - Sly Piper:]
She gon do it all for a player like me
I bet if she could she would make it naughty
You know what she do when she hang around me
She like to get naked
She don't have to worry 'bout shit for one night
All because we know we only getting one life
Probably because her momma don't know what she like

[Outro - Dr. Dre & Marsha Ambrosius:]
Yeah take it easy
Strip tease me
Let's get naked



[Dr. Dre]
Journey with me
Into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer
Since I came out the nutsac
I'm in a murderous mindsate
With a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
BUCK BUCK, Lights out
Cause when I get my sawed off
Niggaz get hauled off [Ice Cube:] haha barrel one
Touches your motherfuckin flesh [Ice Cube:] barrel two
Shoots your fuckin heart out your chest
You see I'm quick to let the hammer go click
On my Tec-9 so if you try to reck mine
Fool it's your bad time
Feel the blast of the chocolate bomber
Infra red aimed at your head
Like your name was Sarah Conner
Decapitatin I ain't hesitatin
To put you in the funderal home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava
You got a problem?
I got a problem solver
And his name is revolver
It's like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a 44 mag
And your frozen inside a boddy bag
Nobody iller
Than this graveyard filler
Cap peeler
Cause I'm a Natural Born Killa 

[Ice Cube]
Terror illistrates my era
Now I cant hang around my momma
Cause I scare her
I'm quick to blast motherfucker
[Dr. Dre:] yeah what's up
It feels like I'm bustin a nut
When I open you up
Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
Cause I'm givin dirt naps
Comin with them bomb ass raps
To make your lungs collapse
Perhaps, you never sleep
Cause evertime you doze
You catch blows to the motherfuckin nose
Ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
Let me count the ways in a fucked up maze
I never ever ever made a hoe stay
But I'm down with Dre
Like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how your livin
I'm the unforgivin
Psycho drivin
Murdera
It's authentic
Don't panic
I can't stand it
God Damn it
Scizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit 'em with a brick
And I'm dancin 

[RBX]
Mass Murderer, Natural Born Killla,
And I don't wanna die
I DON'T WANNA DIE
I DON'T WANNA
I DON'T WANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DIE! 

[Ice Cube]
I dont understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sound of Sireens
Terrified screams from the streams
Of Strycnine
Dumpin on any motherfucker tryin to trick mine
Cause motherfuckers wanna violate
Now they stiff and cold
And they pupils won't dialate
IT'S SO MUCH PAIN
MIGRAINE
Headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes
Like that dude up in Singapore
So I'm a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal, just like Nirvana 

[Dr. Dre]
Tic Toc
Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr. Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keepin niggaz in order
Makin there live shorter
Ready to slaughter
Cause to me a life ain't worth a quarter
Or a dime
Mushroom's got my mind
Hallicinatin
Ain't no debatin
I'm creatin an escape
Route to be out without a doubt
Scot Free, so don't even think about tryin to stop me
Cause I can't wait
I'm out the gate
On the for realla
A thrilla
Or a Natural Born Killa 

[Ice Cube]
Gi-Gi Gi-Gi Ga-Ga
They call me Da-Da
6 million ways to murder
choose one
Lose one soul
Bodies turn cold
Natural fright from niggaz goin bump in the night 

Should I peely
Should I kill her in my iller
Then a Natural Born Killa
[repeats 3x]



Hey, yeah ya know what?
I like the players
No diggity, no doubt
Play on play that
Play on play that
Yo Dre drop the verse

[Dr. Dre]
It's going down fade to Blackstreet
The homies got RB collab creations Funk like acne
No doubt I put it down never slouch
As long as my credit could vouch
A dog couldn't catch me straight up
Tell me who could stop with Dre makin' moves
Attracting honeys like a magnet
Giving them ear-gasms with my mellow accent
Still moving his flavor with the homies Blackstreet & Teddy
The original rump shakers

[Teddy Riley]
Shorty get down, good Lord
Baby got 'em open all over town
Strictly biz she don't play around
Cover much grounds
Got game by the pound
Getting paid is her forte
Each and every day true player way
I can't get her outta my mind
I think about the girl all the time
East side to the west side
Push your fat rides it's no surprise
She got tricks in the stash
Stacking up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
She's on when she's got to have it
Baby you're a perfect 10,
I wanna get in
Can I get down so I can win

[Chorus:]
I like the way you work it (no diggity)
I got to bag it up
I like the way you work it (no diggity)
I got to bag it up (bag it up girl)
I like the way you work it (no diggity)
I got to bag it up (bag it up)
I like the way you work it (no diggity)
I got to bag it up

[Blackstreet]
She's got class and style
Street knowledge, buy the pound
Baby never act wild,
very low key on the profile
Catching villains is a no
Let me tell you how it goes
Curve's the word,
spin's the verb
Lovers it curves
so freak what you heard

Rolling with the fatness
You don't even know what the half is
You gotta pay to play
Just for shorty bang bang to look your way
I like the way you work it
Trump tight all day, everyday
You're blowing my mind,
maybe in time
Baby I can get you with my ride

[Chorus]

Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(hey yo that girl looks good)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(play on play on player)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(you're my kind of girl)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo

[Queen Pen]
Cause that's my peeps and we rows "D"
Flying first class from New York City to Blackstreet
What you know about me
Not a (motherfuckin') thing
Cartier wooded frames supported by my shorty
Ask for me
> Icy gleaming pinky diamond ring
We be's the baddest clique up on this scene
Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads
High shows and proves, no doubt
I be diggin' you so
Please excuse if I come across rude
That's just me and that's how a player's got to be
Stay kickin' game with a capital "G"
Ask the peoples on my block I'm as real as can be
Word is born
Faking moves never been my thing
So Teddy pass the word to your (nigga) Chauncey
I'll be sending a car, lets say around 3:30
Queen Pen and Blackstreet, it's no diggity

[Chorus]

Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo

Yeah, Come on
Jackie in full effect
Lisa in full effect
Nicky in full effect
Tomeka in full effect
Ladies in full effect
Ain't nothing goin' on but the rent
Yeah play on play that
Play on play on
Cause I like it
No diggity, no doubt, yeah
Blackstreet productions
We out, we out right
We out, we out...



(I can feel it!)

[Dr. Dre]
Niggas that I used to know and sell dope wit'
Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit,
And let me know what's up and they can blast on,
Thinkin' about the homies that passed on.
Death row come to show you where all the game at,
And show you how my label got the name that
So many wanna see me, and time is money,
But never in the P.E.N, yo.
Welcome back to viet nam, california.
Ain't a damn thing changed, so let me warn you.
Every motherfuckin minute you on the west side,
The best side, 20 niggas that just died.
Walkin' down the streets of L.A
Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day, yo
The 1.8.7 don't stop, on undercover cops,
So on this spot gettin' popped, shot,
Droppin' like this and like that,
Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back.
So creep when you in the C.P.T
You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D.R.E
I got my eyes on the shit unfolding.
And there ain't gonna be no trippin'
Cause they know the type of shit that I be holdin'
If there's another word said,
I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head, nigga.

Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop

[Snoop Dogg]
3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1,
Head away, sent away, get away snoop's got a gun,
And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86
Now it's time to put they ass in the mix.
Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars,
Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar.
Scared as a motherfucker, cause I'm fresh out,
But I got to make my green, and plus they all fiend
Follow me, they keep yellin' murder, but it won't stop,
Until the last nigga that you know drop.
Another nigga out but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about
Now, 99 pigs on a block with me,
Not a motherfuckin cop wanna knock with me,
A C.O.N.V.I.C.T, the motherfuckin D.O.G, comin' from the L.B.C
Look at what the doc brought in,
A chrome 38, a forty-fo' mag, and mack 10
So what you wanna do? (what you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
So if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!

Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop

Splat to a motherfucker face, he fall.
Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl.
I guess I gots to load the glock again.
Hit 'em with the hollow points and watch him spin.
Fuck it, I had to do this quick
Grabbed the glock 17, the clip went click.
Tried to detect, but did not detect perfect
So I creep on that ass, pops him and drops him.
That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks,
Dead in his tracks, from a full six pack.
Relax, cause I'm about to take my respect.
I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck.
Boo-ka! Boo-ka! then I fade into the wind
1.8.7 and it's on again.
Well it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on,
Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin dome
And it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on,
Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin dome.
Fuck 'em, buck 'em, if they really wanna trip,
Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin shit.

Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop,
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop



[Lady Of Rage]
All ways and forever, forever and all ways
the rhythm will flow from now and through all days
as long as the sun shines
as long as Eisenours on the dime
yo, I'll be kickin the rhyme
One time for ya mind, your soul your body
D-o-g's on the side of me, smooth as E & J
hard as Bacardi smackin those yaddy-yacks and ducks keep quackin
hands that are clappin end up cracklin
under the heat the pressure from the one thats deffer
Egyptian ruler will call me cleo ro Nefertiti yes indeedi
got the eyes of the beedie-body from Tahiti
voice of the will lyrics blow
chills up ya spine thats illslow
all thoughts in ya mind drop a yo
came in the front but you be kicked through the back door
for tryin to step, tryin to come incorrect
tryin to play the left, tryin to start a mess
tryin to cause fuss, tryin to raise a ruckus...Huh
you'll end up ashes to ashes, dusk to dusk
a busta you musta been fuckin on drugs
and alcohol back off, all a yall up against the wall
spread em, doggs go get em and
cuff em and stuff em, cold shed em dont let em
not a word, not another one heard
if you try you die, visions blurred, speech slurred
served with a cherry on top
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
Yeah rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
Rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
Rock on witcha bad self.... 

[Dat Nigga Daz]
Yo..Im Dat Nigga Daz who packs a tre-8 slug
a true nigga from the hood and the pound gives love
Yo see...niggas wanna be down but never came around
so back up off my nuts and stop sweatin the pound
you see niggas get broke off like 1,2,3
cuz Im the D-A to the..(D-A-to the..)
D-A- to the Z
Now G'z pay attention to this young ass mack daddy
in a caddy-haddy, not known about the city 
where the niggas hang around
so I roll em up and hit em up wit the motherfuckin Dogg Pound 

[Kurupt]
I'm rough and rugged and up till to the dirt
I'm from the Dogg Pound nigga so Im puttin in work
I'm no joke who the fuck you tryin to provoke
(1-8-7)It's cool how his ass got smoked
I don't drink no fuckin Vsop
I drink the motherfuckin O.G., O-E
Im from the clik that be kickin the gangsta shit bitch
real niggas real G'z wit real big dicks
I hit em up wit the Pound
so what you wanna throw up
claimin your cocaine or cavi when you blow up
know what? the Pounds in the motherfuckin house
back again we try to get high as we kin
Dr.Dre be kickin phat rhymes and produce and kick shit
I gets more wicked than Beetlejuice
Motherfuckers get battered so scatter 
before I keep ya hostage a nigga hostage like the grim reaper
so Im comin from my hood...what hood
you really like to know motherfucker I thought you knew
motherfucker dont you know Im stranded on the row
I take a look into the crowd kick a style a flow
I'm mashin, motherfuckers get murdered for action
relax kid, your rollin wit a fuckin assasin
outlasted did dirt the other day
betray, the roll of a G, from the D-O double G
P-o-u-n-d, Pound so bow-bow motherfuckin marks
the execute the start, when the chronic gets sparked
Im like ??
Wrecks I flex murderous rhymes to leave you all dead
what said is all said its already spoke
the dead is the dead I aint no fuckin joke
I murder motherfuckers as a hobby
one of my idols aint no joke so why in the fuck should I be
Fly me to the Bahamas, ruff rhymer, 
dramas what your kickin, wicked is how Im a
approach ya, the locster, whos quick to up and smoke ya
your lookin like a smoka, grinnin like the joker
I yolk ya from da back like a bitch talkin shit
but a bitch aint shit, cuz a bitch aint shit
but a ho and trick on my dick
flip, lets take a trip to the Dogg Pound
fools tryed to punk me when I was young but Im a hog now
and I gets respect and I step wit a tec 9
ready to put somethin up in that ass to give respect mine
fool, Deatrow aint lynchin and the Pound aint mobbin
we all dont give a fuck run in your crib and start robbin
throbbin, I'll break a nigga down in the 90's
maxin at the Pound wit my doggs is where you'll find me
Beeyatch..



[Dr. Dre]
Y'all ready to get dirty?
Do y'all really wanna get X-rated?
Heh, bottoms up

[Mimi]
Just hit me up when you need
Sex, endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me

[Dr. Dre]
We back, we mack, stay blunted
Knee pads, yo hoes they wanted
Penthouse two o'clock eleven hundred
It aint no fun if I can't reroute your hoes in this direction
Swerve in the intersection, I'm done she restin
No question, done session
Home wreckin, Doc motherfuckin Dre no guessin
Nothin less than, I mess when I'm sexin
Bang on the block
Even Asian bitches like to bang cock
Draws drop, she bunny hops
On it like a pro, she comes out the clothes

[DJ Quik]
But, uh, she flips the dildos
Whether in the Pumps, Nikes or the steel toes
Dre, you can spot it in the benzos
Squawtin real low, got me drivin real slow, she's a real ho
And even though her parents spent the fat chip
On that private school chip
She graduated, got some thug dick and flipped
No more checkered sweater, vest and plaid skirts
She's out here naked more or less and that hurts
But she's in good hands, cause Suga Free palmin
He sent her to the Sheraton with Thomas
If you need 'em they at 310-629-9755
You hit 'em and they let you know when she's arrived
Oh she okay she just runnin an errand
With this Portuguese dime piece named Karen
Bouncin through the mall, spottin 'em all
A sucker for a dick sucker ready to fall
For a daughter like yours
Got him pattin his pocket and comin out his drawers
Layin his jacket on puddles, openin the doors
All for what?
Because I promised her my name gave her the game and still aint fucked

[Mimi]
Just hit me up when you needÖ
Sex, endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Fuck everybody let's just go
(Come on baby)
We can get drunk, have some fun and blow some smoke
(Come on baby) My spot is close, c'mon lets roll
(Don't trip) I'll keep it on a low, ahh

[DJ Quik]
Now we just kickin back playin on some PS2
Contemplatin the game Dre and me best do
If you feelin froggies then leave when we test you
But I'm guaranteein you bitches leavin three less two
Never mind what that love and hate one pairs do
Y'all just snicker at that hooker when we all pass through
Dr. Dre and DJ Quik will probly outlast you
You're like see-trough pair of boxers nigga yo ass trough

[Dr. Dre]
Bitch, you need some good dick, I got that too
Speed bag the clit, leave it black and blue
Time of yo live, I got that boo
Creep late nights up in hotel rooms
We drank, eat shrooms
Kill something, crank the volume
Fuck in every room
You know your home girl want it, Tag team bitch
Why you being dick greedy? Tag team bitch
When she cums, she drips on mattresses
Bedroom time comes I handle shit
Wifey caught up me nigga
That's yo bitch, that's yo biz
That's show biz, that's how hoes is
With or without kids
Long as you keeping it on a hush she ridin dick
Aint been satisfied much, she's been fakin
That's why she callin me, guess what she's sayinÖ

[Mimi]
Just hit me up when you needÖ
Sex, endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Fuck everybody let's just go
(Come on baby)
We can get drunk, have some fun and blow some smoke
(Come on baby) My spot is close, c'mon lets roll
(Don't trip) I'll keep it on a low, ahh



[Dr. Dre/Snoop Dogg]
As the wheels turn city to city, hundreds fold, chronic smoke
Twist up another philly (dun dilly)
Them niggas still trippin off that old shit (really?) how silly
It's a whole 'nother day (yeah yeah) Snoop Dogg (and Doc motherfuckin Dre)
Nigga can ya feel this?
It's the D-O-double, you don't run up, you won't see no trouble
If you caught up in these fuckin streets
Who you gon' call when them niggas gettin ready to blast?
Yeah, and if that shit's gettin ugly
Who you gon' call when them niggas come to gettin ya ass?
(I came to get that ass!)
Big dittog, push the big hittog
Ya hoppin and poppin, how bout you hop up off my bittalls
Got(GOT) dirt on my pittaws
I(I) broke a few littaws
It(IT) really don't matter cause I'm only here to spit on
And get on, shit on niggas
Do it to 'em D-O-double right on nigga
I'm saggin it, baggin it, slang them Dubs
You motherfuckers think The Wash is all soap and suds, whassup cuz?
If you tryin to get a dub sack, page me
The ho's say "D-Loc, you so crazy"
Poppin that shit don't phase me
I need my chips and the dip it's like gravy
Now back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is expected and I'm feelin that demand
Los Ang, broad day gunnin
That ain't no earthquake it's just Dre comin
If this shit ain't played, the party ain't bumpin
If I don't show up, the ho's ain't fuckin
Cali sunshine, come visit
Just don't stop at stop signs with bullet holes in it
All Star league, you writin Benjamins
I handles my business, FUCK fake niggas
I sell game a quarter million a track
Snoop and the good Doc back with a brand new sack
Shit's wrong, money gone, I blast
Out of town, out of bounds, no pass
Runnin up, talkin shit, get smashed
Shoot first, ask questions last
Fallin back on that ass, hit the switch and let the ass just drag(zzzt zzt)
2001, 2002 Taz
My nigga what you holdin?
Step out with the Stacy's and the Snoop Dogg clothing
Rollin, with the braids in my hair
Crimped out, way pimped out, OH YEAH
You gots to pay the cost to beat the boss
After all that dirt I gots to get my shit washed

The Wash
(ahhhh)
The Wash
(ahh, ahh)
The Wash
(ahhhh, ahhh)



[Verse 1 - Eminem]
My motto is "live by the bottle"
So why is my supply low?
Bring in a truckload with a high-low
Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though
Ghetto idol I think, but what do I know?
Shit I know a lot more than I should
The hood stood by me just like I thought it would
Dont act like I'm Hollywood when I prob'ly could
I don't polly
Mohammed Ali of rap, I don't lolly gag
West Coast, the home of the bodybag
The shotty, the mag
Los Angeles, where the party at?
You can catch me anywhere where there's Bacardi at
Yeah, Andre is back so have a cardiac
Started back with the black
Rated starter cap
Gangsta rap, we practically fuckin' started that
Everyday with this game I'm gettin' smarter at
Sky's the limit so everytime I get on a track

[Chorus - Dr. Dre]
Cause ladies when I shine. Nigga wish quick.
No startin Iím the shootin kind. 
Front page all the time. You boys think sick but I aint got no roof on mine.
I drink Topless, I live Topless. Like my girl is the game with her titties out.
I drink Topless, I live Topless. Skyís the limit Iím paid to run the city now.

[Verse 2 - Nas]
Ya skins ya traveling bag of your existence.
Yours is shabby and scab while mines glistenin.
Vivid on my skin how many continents
Iíve visit then you could journey with me to different places by listenin. 
Shittin on em. Ya brutha got it covered we can slug it,
knuckle it however you want I love it. 
A hustlerís wit. The grit the grind. My genetic code make-up. 
Murderer by design. On my calendar time when night meets day. 
Iím in a light grey bugatti like a high-speed chase. 
Adrenaline like jogger the jump in rope in place. 
The Muhammad Ali hobbies no pilates trying to keep the ocean by me. 
Hit a rich manís wife see what these hoes can buy me. 
Lookin forward but itís nice to see the rode behind me. 
Hotelís a 7 star. Begets glowin.
Keep ya lid yet dawg the private jet bowin topless.

[Chorus]



[Verse One: Sam Sneed (Dr. Dre)]

(I heard Sam was going solo) God damn, you didn't know so,
well I can blast fast so freak an ill type of slow flow.
I'm hitting harder than Berry Boss so check the golden child,
throwing it to your ear-hole, got you going buck wild.
But truck-tracks, rhymes all day, breaking off niggaz proper,
did dirt, did West cause I clown coppers (yeah).
Do hip-hop, rap, compose 'em most, I couldn't see me,
mad advanced and my skills are all about the dollar bills.
From Pittsburgh to Cali dropping bombs like that,
was on the D.L. with the squad so I couldn't hold it back.
Black, I regulate I buzz a big gate figure,
mobbing with the ill nigga, with his finger on a bigger trigger.
Serving all (saps), hitting sevens on the (simps),
making do', eating shrimps, locing with some real pimps (yeah).
So peep game, best believe I love my peeps
that's why I make the type of music you can pump in your jeeps
(that's right).
So buck my sound, I put it down for the underground,
I got the women cause I'm slamming, jamming.
Got it going on this time for this new producer to rise,
so open your eyes, I think you better recognize. 

[Hook: Dr. Dre (Sam Sneed)]

Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) [2x]

[Verse Two: Sam Sneed (Dr. Dre)]

I remember days on the blocks where I slang slung played punk cops
and mad props cause I ran with hard rocks (yeah).
From napalms to Uzi's I made G's (say what?),
them build up enough Luther by keys.
No gang affiliation, yo I stood on my own to pulling capers
I'm a sneaky slick nigga, I never had to pull the trigger (right).
I mack, and on top and that I'm used to staying wicked with just 24-7,
you can ask my ex-hooker.
But now I'm on some new improved shit,
making hits, stacking chips, now everything's legitimate.
I flipped the scrip a long time ago, on the five-o,
when I had to scope with this new way to make my cash flow (uhm).
Yes indeedy, I wasn't greedy, got my niggaz out the gutter,
now they're rolling with the Sam Sneezy.
Hip hop fanatic causing static in the industry,
these whack creators, I call 'em imitators (ah yeah).
Been trying to see me, but see I'm unexplainetory,
with the fame and glory, that's why I gotta tell my story.
With no disguise, a lot of niggaz despise,
because I'm on an uprise, so I think you better recognize. 

[Hook: Dr. Dre (Sam Sneed)]

Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) [2x]
(Think you better recognize) [2x]

[Verse Three: Sam Sneed (Dr. Dre)]

Well I'm back in the mix with a bottle of hennessy,
so fire up a blunt let's have an end of the sanity.
Crazy shot outs giving pounds to all my niggaz,
hitting all the hookers by the dozen, cause they dig us (trick).
Fuck what you've heard, recognize what you be seeing,
it's time to earn truth to the game human being.
I'm that little bass nigga trying to get mine, fuck a nine,
cause I'll incline with the mastermind.
I got my crew in my corner so I can't loose,
cause I'm paying mad douze in this record biz, I don't snooze.
And suckers be popping at those idiotic egosytible type of flimflam,
I can't be faded Sam-am.
Playing with the hustlers never dealing with the knucklehead bollers,
cause boys play with toys and scholars play with dollars.
I'm a mack of my own right, plus my game is tight,
baby get it right, I ain't the one, so take flight.
Bitches give my mad rep, nothing but the brazen off tempo,
thinking they can get my loot, I never trip to knock the boots.
I gotta be wise, when time to dip between the thies,
all eyes on the price, so I think you better recognize. 

[Hook: Dr. Dre: (Sam Sneed)]

Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) [2x]
Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) [2x]



[Dr Dre]
The long-awaited Detox, trick
'Cause maybe I don't wanna stop, maybe I don't wanna quit
Maybe I like hoes, maybe I don't want a wife, maybe I'm psycho
Maybe I'm crazy, maybe I'm strapped right now, just maybe
Maybe it's a relapse, maybe I'm high right now, where the weed at?
Maybe this is ER, maybe I'm a real doc and this is CPR
Maybe we need to breathe some life in this shit
Maybe we are the life of this shit
... Maybe I'm just crazy (Crazy)
What they say? (What they say?)
Sak pase (Sak passe)
Nap boule (nap boule)

[Jay-Z]
Dre, I think I need my sponsor
I'm just outta contro-o-ol
Maybe I got hoes, every little city I go, like Paco
We tryna grow, but I just can't seen her
I'm havin' trouble cleanin' up, I'm like FEMA
All these little haters got me back with the nina
Got me bringin' guns to work, Gilbert Arenas
Unh, I don't know if it's the Goose talkin'
But you know they say the liquor get your truth talkin'
Maybe I should be somewhere in the group talkin'
I'm addicted to coupes and takin' roofs off 'em
I'm addicted to watches, Heckler and Koches
Them bow-legged girls from the projects
It's Bed-Stuy in this bitch (Bed-Stuy!)
Dre, what's up? (It's Westside over here)
I'm in this party, I'm up to no good
And I should be duckin' these clubs, Tiger Woods

[Dr. Dre]
I smoke (I smoke)
I drink (I drink)
I'm supposed to stop, but I can't
Nigga, don't ask why (Ask why)
I get high (I get high)
I'm just livin' my mo'fuckin' life
So what? I'm drunk (I'm drunk)
And I'm a weedhead (Weedhead)
And I'ma treat every day like the weekend
Headfirst off the deep end
Yeah, you know what's happenin'
I'm just relapsin'.



[Dr. Dre]
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah
[repeat 2X]

Yeah, yeah, come on 

[LL Cool J]
Uh, you know you a freak
Before the album went platinum, ya hardly speak
And now you're skin grinnin, gassed off the chrome rims and
twenty room mansion, I rest my Timb's in
Uhh, I feel it how ya shake it
Rings in ya belly, I can't take it
Toss up your Moet, money make it
Last week frontin, tonight butt naked
I got the flava, make em Zoom-a-zoom
The LL Cool J, [fuck it] give me room
Looked up in my eyes as I lowered the boom
Twenty thousand freaks packed up in one room, uhh 

[Dr. Dre]
All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do?
[repeat 2X]

[Dr. Dre]
Once again it's on, can't be home
The crime got me in the zone; homies blowin up the celly phone
The world knew I had to come once mo'
And just to let y'all know, I do my thing and still blow
Nuff to burn ten mill' cells, confirmed
The most anticipated since Tyson's return
So come on everybody let's all get down
Cause what we have, is a brand new sound 

[LL Cool J]
All the mommies in the house gettin live tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) 

And all my dogs feel the vibe tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) 

Say what? 

[Dr. Dre]
All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do? 

[Dre] All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
[LL] Dre, whatchu wanna do?
[Dre] Mr. Smith, it's on you, uh 

[LL Cool J]
In other words, it's gon' be like that
You young boys is blind, I'm seein them cats
Evolutionary (what?) Revolutionary and legendary
I got a climax waiting for each and every cherry
I'm like a narcotic, niggaz is microscopic
Dr. Dre and Cool J, is the topic 
Forever, my lyrics is rough and energetic
Them cats is blazin? I don't get it, they cosmetic
If shorty wanna step up? I'll twist his neck up
You can't get no money battling me; that's like ripping your check up
What partna? Take ten paces and turn around
That quick, yo' whole ghost town is burnin down (Woooof!)
What I spit, manipulates whole clicks
Make em conversate on how real niggaz ride my dick
It's like a serum, I just can't hear em
All them new niggaz poppin new shit, I never fear em 

As we proceed
To give you what you need
Satisfaction guaranteed
Work and die
Yeah, yeah 

[Dr. Dre]
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah
[repeat 3X]

[Royce Da 5'9":]
Uh, first verse, uh
I'm on 'til I'm on a island
My life's ridin' on the Autobahn on autopilot
Before I touch dirt, I'll kill y'all for kindness
I kill ya, my natural persona's much worse
You've been warned if you've been born or if you conform
Slap up a cop and then snatch him out of his uniform
Leave him with his socks, hard bottoms and bloomers on
And hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn
Y'all niggas' intellect mad slow, y'all fags know
Claimin' you bangin', you flamin'
Bet you could light your own cigarette with your asshole
Me and Shady deaded the past, so that basically resurrected my cashflow
I might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke
Though I ain't wrapped tight
My blood type's the '80s!
My '90s was like the Navy, you was like the Bradys
You still fly kites daily!

[Eminem:]
Catch me in my Mercedes
Bumpin' "Ice, Ice Baby, " screamin' Shady 'til I die
Like I have a pair of dice, life's crazy
So I live it to the fullest 'til I'm Swayze
And you only live it once, so I'm thinkin' 'bout this nice, nice lady
Wait, no, stop me now 'fore I get on a roll (Danish)
Let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is, 'cause she's kinda famous
And I hope that I don't sound too heinous when I say this
Nicki Minaj, but I wanna stick my penis in your anus!
You morons think that I'm a genius
Really I belong inside a dang insane asylum, cleanin', try them trailer parks
Crazy, I am back, and I am razor-sharp, baby
And that's back with' a capital B with' an exclamation mark, maybe
You should listen when I flip the linguistics
'Cause I'm gonna rip this mystical slick shit
You don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit
'Cause after I spit the bullets, Imma treat these shell casings like a soccer ball
Imma kick the ballistics! So get this dick, Imma live this

[Hook:]
Livin' life in the fast lane
Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down
Only got a gallon in the gas tank
But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now

I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride
Gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die
I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)
Livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)

[Royce Da 5'9":]
My whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit
At war with' a bottle, as Captain Morgan attacks my organs
My slow flow is euphoric, it's like I rap endorphins
I made a pact with the Devil that says "I'll let you take me
You let me take this shovel, dig up the corpse of Jack Kevorkian"
Go 'back and forth in more beef than you can pack a fork in
I'm livin' the life of the infinite enemy down
My tenement, too many now, to send my serenity powers
Spin 'em around, enterin' in the vicinity

[Eminem:]
Now, was called Eminem, but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper
Chewed him up (Pt!) and spitted him out
Girl, giddy-up, now get, get down
He's lookin' around this club and it looks like people are havin' a shit fit now
Here, little t-t-trailer trash, take a look who's back in t-t-town
Did I s-st-stutter, motherfucker? Fuck them all,
He shuts the whole motherfuckin' Walmart d-d-down every time he comes a-r-r-round
And he came to the club tonight with' 5'9? to hold this bitch down
Like a motherfuckin' chick underwater, she tryna d-dr-drown
Shawty, when you dance, you got me captivated
Just by the way that you keep lickin' them dick suckin' lips, I'm agitated, aggravated
To the point you don't suck my dick, then you're gonna get decapitated
Other words, you don't fuckin' give me head, then I'm have to take it

[Royce:]
And then after takin' that, I'm a catch a case, it's gon' be fascinatin'
It's gon' say "The whole rap game passed away" on top of the affidavit
Graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator
To Michael Jackson' activator (Woo!)
Meanin' I'm on fire off the top, might wanna back up the data
Runnin' over hip-hop in a verbal tractor-trailer
Homie, they sick, you can normally ask a hater
Don't it make sense, these shell casings is just like a bag of paper
Drop in the lap of a tax evader (Homie, they spent)

[Eminem:]
Now make that ass drop like a sack of potatoes
What, girl, I'm the crack-a-lator
Percolator to this party, be my penis ejaculator later
Tell your boyfriend that you just struck paydirt
You rollin' with a player, you won't be exaggeratin' when you sayin' you're...

[Hook:]
Livin' life in the fast lane
Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down
Only got a gallon in the gas tank
But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now

I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride
Gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die
I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)
Life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)

Pedal to the metal
Pedal to the metal